{
  "revision": "1. Visual Core: Replace the abstract wireframe with a stylized, bioluminescent silhouette of a deep-sea organism (e.g., siphonophore or anglerfish). Transform the geometric nodes into organic photophores with soft, multi-layered Gaussian blur to create a living 'glow' rather than a digital schematic. 2. Composition & Integration: Scale the creature to act as a vertical pillar on the left-center. Shift the text block to the right to create counter-weight. Allow the headline to overlap the creature’s edges slightly to establish depth and unify the layers. 3. Typography: Apply a vertical linear gradient to the headline 'BELOW THE LAST LIGHT' (fading from pale bioluminescent blue to transparent/black) to simulate descent. Increase tracking significantly for a cinematic, expansive feel that balances the graphic’s weight. 4. Atmosphere: Enhance the dark navy background with subtle noise texture and faint vertical light shafts (god rays) to evoke pressure and volume. Ensure the flat grey text is replaced by the gradient treatment to integrate it into the sub-aquatic environment.",
  "protected_strengths": [
    "The strong typographic hierarchy and legibility of the current layout.",
    "The effective deep navy/cyan/red color palette that establishes the deep-sea mood.",
    "The atmospheric dark gradient background that provides a solid foundation for depth."
  ],
  "resolved_conflicts": [
    "Conflict: Verdict 1 demands biological realism (creature silhouette) while Verdict 4 praises the 'geometric/wireframe' aesthetic. Resolution: Integrate the geometric structure into the biology; use the wireframe lines to suggest translucent anatomy and the nodes as organic light organs, satisfying both the need for biological specificity and structural elegance.",
    "Conflict: Verdict 2 suggests moving text to the right, while Verdict 3 suggests fading text into darkness which might reduce legibility. Resolution: Maintain the right-aligned text block for balance but apply the gradient only to the headline to ensure it participates in the atmosphere without sacrificing the readability required for institutional credibility.",
    "Conflict: Verdict 1 critiques the 'tech' look, while Verdict 4 praises the 'clean' execution. Resolution: Replace sterile digital cleanliness with organic atmospheric depth (noise, bloom, god rays) to shift the perception from 'computer model' to 'sub-aquatic environment' without losing production-level finish."
  ],
  "rationale": "The revision prioritizes the central visual metaphor (biological vs. abstract) as the primary driver of the poster's identity, as a generic tech aesthetic fails the core brief. It resolves the spatial disconnect by integrating text and image through overlap and alignment, ensuring the composition reads as a unified whole. Typography is treated as an atmospheric element (gradient/tracking) rather than just information, and color/craft is elevated from 'flat digital' to 'immersive depth' through texture and lighting effects, satisfying all four mandates equally."
}