```json
{
"axis": "composition_hierarchy",
"real_conflicts": [
"The Typography Integration proposal suggests overlaying the title directly onto the misty road. This is a catastrophic error for spatial hierarchy. The title 'WHERE THE HOUSES END' is the primary anchor; placing it in the low-contrast fog will destroy legibility and flatten the depth of field, causing the text to compete with the background rather than sit above it. The title must remain in the high-contrast header to establish the 'cinematic' scale.",
"The Visual Concept proposal suggests replacing the silhouettes with wireframes. This undermines the composition's structural integrity. The heavy, dark silhouettes on the left and right act as the 'frame' that creates the negative space for the tagline. Removing them for a faint wireframe would dissolve the visual container, leaving the text floating in a void without a spatial relationship to the edges of the poster."
],
"accepted": [
"The Color Atmosphere proposal's suggestion to add a subtle noise filter and radial gradient to the road. This supports the composition by enhancing the illusion of depth, making the vanishing point a stronger gravitational pull for the viewer's eye."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current layout is too rigidly symmetrical. The tagline 'Some places disappear twice' is currently stranded in the negative space of the left silhouette, creating a visual imbalance that feels accidental rather than deliberate. The layout needs to break the vertical axis to create a more dynamic visual path.",
"compromise": "We will break the vertical symmetry by moving the tagline 'Some places disappear twice' to the right side, aligning it with the right-hand silhouette to balance the visual weight. Simultaneously, we will shift the director credit 'A film by Mara Venn' slightly off-center to the left. This creates a diagonal tension between the text elements that mimics the perspective lines of the road, guiding the eye from the title down through the image in a 'Z' pattern rather than a static vertical bounce.",
"nonnegotiable": "The atmospheric perspective and the subtle, fading gradient of the road leading to the vanishing point must remain intact, as this is the primary emotional anchor of the design."
}
```