```json
{
  "axis": "art_director",
  "real_conflicts": [
    "The Editorial Director's proposal to constrain the Headliner block to a single column (Sunset Stage) is unacceptable. It reduces the visual impact of the main event to the same size as the opening acts, destroying the 'visually dominant' hierarchy required by the brief. The Headliner must be the climax of the design, not just another row in a spreadsheet.",
    "The Information Architect's proposal to move time labels inside the grid columns creates a cluttered, bureaucratic table structure. This kills the 'energetic' and 'expressive' aesthetic, turning a festival poster into a train timetable. The visual rhythm of the schedule relies on the negative space between the time markers and the content."
  ],
  "accepted": [
    "The Editorial Director's critique that the current Headliner banner obscures the Moonlight Stage is valid. The design must not hide content, even if the content is secondary to the Headliner."
  ],
  "concession": "I concede that the current 'SaaS dashboard' aesthetic of identical semi-transparent boxes is too rigid and generic. I agree that the containers must be removed to allow for a more fluid, atmospheric design that reflects the 'Afterglow' theme.",
  "compromise": "We will adopt a 'Glowing Columns' approach. We will remove the individual artist boxes entirely. Instead, we will use the stage colors (Orange, Teal, Blue) as subtle, vertical light beams behind the text to define the columns. The Headliner will remain a full-width banner to maintain its visual dominance, but we will apply a 'glassmorphism' blur effect to the background of the banner. This allows the Headliner to sit on top of the grid and break the layout visually, while keeping the Moonlight Stage text faintly visible behind it, satisfying both the need for hierarchy and the need for information access.",
  "nonnegotiable": "The Headliner must remain a full-width, high-contrast visual anchor. It cannot be reduced to a standard grid cell size."
}
```