{
  "revision": "1. Structural Integrity & Grid: Implement a strict, visible SVG grid with low-opacity horizontal bands spanning the full width to anchor time slots (12 PM–7 PM) and vertical columns for the three stages. Extend these grid lines through the bottom row to visually integrate the headliner into the schedule matrix, preventing fragmentation.\n2. Content Completeness: Populate the 7:00 PM slot for the Moonlight Stage with a distinct artist card (e.g., 'The Last Ray' - Ambient) to ensure all three stages have a complete chronological entry, resolving the missing data issue.\n3. Visual Hierarchy & Headliner: Redesign the 'Eclipse Architects' headliner block as a semi-transparent overlay rather than a solid wall. This maintains its dominance and distinctiveness while allowing the background texture and grid lines to pass through, preserving vertical flow and connection to the rest of the schedule.\n4. Expressive Differentiation: Apply subtle, genre-specific accent colors (e.g., faint glows or colored borders) to individual artist cards to differentiate 'vibes' without breaking the rigid grid alignment. Ensure all cards share identical dimensions and vertical positioning for systematic clarity.",
  "protected_strengths": [
    "Strong visual hierarchy of the headliner block",
    "Clear, color-coded stage headers",
    "High-contrast, energetic presentation of key elements",
    "Legible typography of artist names and times"
  ],
  "resolved_conflicts": [
    "Headliner Dominance vs. Grid Continuity: Resolved by using a semi-transparent headliner overlay that respects the underlying grid lines, ensuring the schedule remains a unified table rather than a broken list.",
    "Expressive Differentiation vs. Systematic Clarity: Resolved by applying subtle genre-specific accents (glows/borders) within a rigid, identical card structure, allowing for personality without fragmenting the visual system.",
    "Visual Rhythm vs. Information Density: Resolved by introducing full-width horizontal bands to explicitly connect time labels to events, reducing cognitive load while maintaining an energetic, structured layout."
  ],
  "rationale": "This brief prioritizes structural integrity and content completeness as the foundation for a functional schedule. It resolves the conflict between the headliner's need for prominence and the schedule's need for continuity by using transparency rather than solid blocks. It balances expressive differentiation with systematic clarity by constraining genre-specific accents within a rigid, aligned grid, ensuring the design is both energetic and easily scannable."
}