{
"axis": "composition_hierarchy",
"real_conflicts": [
  "The proposal to shift the text block 10-15% to the right and 5% down directly conflicts with the visual_concept_imagery and color_atmosphere_craft critiques. Moving the text closer to the 'cartoonish' anglerfish would visually anchor the title to the weakest, least atmospheric element in the composition, thereby validating the 'sticker' aesthetic rather than the intended depth. It would also disrupt the current diagonal tension that currently guides the eye from the institutional authority (top left) down into the abyss (bottom right)."
],
"accepted": [
  "The observation that the central negative space is vast and creates a 'diagonal split' is accurate and aligns with my mandate. The current layout risks feeling like two separate elements (text vs. image) rather than a unified whole.",
  "The suggestion to apply a vertical gradient to the text (typography_integration) is compatible with my mandate, as it helps the text 'sink' into the environment, reducing the 'pasted on' feel and improving the spatial integration of the focal point."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current placement of the text in the upper-left is too static and fails to interact with the 'descent' narrative. The text needs to feel like it is part of the water column, not just floating above it.",
"compromise": "Instead of shifting the text block physically closer to the fish (which would clutter the composition), we should extend the visual connection. The dotted lines currently connecting the creatures should be extended or a new, fainter line of 'marine snow' or light particles should be introduced to bridge the gap between the text block and the anglerfish. This creates a visual 'current' that pulls the eye from the title down to the subject without moving the text itself, preserving the negative space while tightening the spatial relationship.",
"nonnegotiable": "The title 'BELOW THE LAST LIGHT' must remain the dominant focal point at a distance. It cannot be subordinated to the imagery or moved in a way that compromises its immediate legibility and impact as the primary entry point for the viewer."
}