{
  "revision": "1. Replace the sterile geometric wireframe with a stylized, organic bioluminescent organism (e.g., siphonophore or anglerfish) rendered with soft, glowing nodes and flowing lines to evoke biological mystery rather than digital simulation. 2. Apply a heavy Gaussian blur/bloom to the organism’s light sources and introduce subtle noise or radial gradients to the deep blue-black background to simulate the density and particulate matter of deep water, creating atmospheric volume. 3. Shift the organism slightly left to overlap the right edge of the headline, creating parallax depth and integrating text with image. 4. Change the headline 'BELOW THE LAST LIGHT' to a solid, high-contrast pale cyan or stark white (removing the fading gradient) to ensure legibility and anchor the composition. 5. Set the subtitle and exhibition details in a clean, legible sans-serif with higher opacity, aligning the bottom text blocks inward to frame the composition and guide the visual path from the headline to the organism and finally to the institutional details.",
  "protected_strengths": [
    "The deep blue-to-black vertical gradient background establishing a sense of depth.",
    "The vertical hierarchy of the text layout.",
    "The cool, monochromatic color palette.",
    "The concept of using vertical descent to represent depth."
  ],
  "resolved_conflicts": [
    "Conflict: The 'tech/wireframe' aesthetic clashed with the 'organic/biological' subject matter. Resolution: Replaced geometric lines with organic, glowing forms while retaining the 'light in darkness' visual metaphor.",
    "Conflict: The fading text gradient undermined 'institutional credibility' and readability. Resolution: Switched to solid, high-contrast typography to ensure the message is clear and authoritative, balancing wonder with clarity.",
    "Conflict: The flat, sterile background lacked 'atmospheric volume'. Resolution: Added noise and bloom effects to simulate fluid density, merging the 'craft' mandate with the 'atmosphere' mandate without sacrificing the clean vertical composition."
  ],
  "rationale": "This brief prioritizes the integration of organic imagery and atmospheric depth to resolve the disconnect between the current 'tech' aesthetic and the 'deep-sea' theme. It balances the need for visual mystery (via bloom and organic forms) with institutional credibility (via legible, high-contrast typography and structured alignment), ensuring the poster is both emotionally evocative and functionally clear."
}