```json
{
"axis": "composition_hierarchy",
"real_conflicts": [
"The Typography critic's proposal to move the secondary text ('Check conditions...') to the negative space of the mountain peak or sky directly above the headline. This would fracture the visual weight of the composition, creating a 'floating head' effect that disconnects the instructions from the warning. It would also force the viewer's eye to jump vertically rather than follow the natural diagonal flow of the fire graphic, breaking the narrative rhythm of the poster."
],
"accepted": [
"The Typography critic's proposal to remove the glowing orange stroke from the headline. The current neon effect creates a 'halo' that expands the text's bounding box, physically encroaching on the space needed for the secondary text. Removing this stroke will create a hard, clean edge for the headline, allowing the secondary text to sit closer to the main title without visual collision."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current placement of the secondary text is too tight and risks being obscured by the headline's glow. However, moving it to the top of the poster is a structural error. The text must remain anchored near the headline to maintain the 'message + action' relationship.",
"compromise": "We will remove the headline's glow (per the Typography critic) to sharpen its edges. Simultaneously, we will shift the secondary text block slightly to the right and increase the line-height (leading). This creates a distinct 'column' of text that sits in the negative space to the right of the word 'SPARK', rather than floating above or behind it. This establishes a clear left-to-right reading path: Headline -> Instructions -> Graphic Line.",
"nonnegotiable": "The secondary instructional text must remain in the central visual field, anchored near the headline. It cannot be relegated to the top margin or bottom footer, as it is the immediate 'call to action' required by the brief and must be read in direct conjunction with the warning."
}
```