PRIORITIZED CHANGES:
1. CRITICAL LEGIBILITY FIX: Immediately change the feature story title and excerpt text color to high-contrast off-white (#F5F5F0) to resolve the severe dark-on-dark contrast failure against the teal background. 2. GRAPHIC HARMONY: Reduce the opacity of the abstract orange circle to 15% or shift it to the far right edge of the feature card so it acts as a background texture rather than an obstruction, ensuring the typography remains the primary focal point without visual noise. 3. INFORMATION DENSITY: Expand the 'In this issue' sidebar to include the fourth article ('The Long Way Home') and add a single-line excerpt (max 10 words) to each of the four secondary article cards to restore substantive content without crowding. 4. CATEGORICAL VARIETY: Differentiate the four secondary cards by applying subtle typographic variations based on category (e.g., italicize Poetry titles, use a slightly lighter background tint for Criticism) while maintaining the unified grid structure and colored vertical bars.
PROTECT:
["The strong visual hierarchy that establishes the feature story as the dominant element.", "The clean, grid-based layout that keeps all four secondary articles meaningfully visible in the bottom row.", "The consistent use of a restrained palette (cream, dark teal, red) and repeatable geometric rules (vertical bars, serif/sans-serif pairing)."]
RESOLVED CONFLICTS:
["Legibility vs. Graphic Distinctiveness: The abstract orange circle was obscuring the feature title. Resolution: Lower the circle's opacity and reposition it to the background layer, preserving the abstract identity while ensuring text clarity.", "Information Density vs. Simplicity: Adding excerpts to secondary cards risks crowding. Resolution: Limit excerpts to a single line (max 10 words) and use the existing vertical space efficiently, maintaining breathing room while adding necessary detail.", "Unity vs. Variety: Secondary cards were identical, causing monotony. Resolution: Introduce subtle typographic variations (italics, tint) tied to category, preserving the unified grid structure while adding expressive differentiation."]