{
"axis": "composition_hierarchy",
"real_conflicts": [
  "The proposal to introduce a 'break' or 'jagged deviation' in the central figure (from visual_concept_imagery) risks shattering the visual flow. A jagged break creates a visual stop that disrupts the rhythmic continuity of the gesture, potentially making the figure look like a broken object rather than a body in tension. This undermines the 'unified whole' by introducing a chaotic element that lacks compositional control."
],
"accepted": [
  "The proposal to extend the thinner, darker line to sweep across the negative space toward the bottom-left text block (from my own revision) is the primary solution to the 'split' hierarchy. This creates a diagonal vector that unifies the composition.",
  "The proposal to shift the abstract figure slightly to the left to overlap or come into close proximity with the 'AIR' text (from my own revision) is accepted as a secondary method to bridge the gap between the focal point and the title."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current figure is too isolated and that the negative space between the text and the figure is currently acting as a barrier rather than a connector. The 'void' is too empty and static.",
"compromise": "We will implement a 'connective tissue' strategy: The thinner, darker line will be extended to sweep from the figure's mid-section, curving gently through the negative space to terminate near the 'OCTOBER' text. Simultaneously, the main beige figure will be nudged slightly left so its upper curve visually 'leans' into the space occupied by the word 'AIR', creating a sense of the body pressing against the text. This creates a diagonal visual path from top-left (Title) to center-right (Figure) to bottom-left (Details), resolving the static two-column feel.",
"nonnegotiable": "The composition must maintain a clear focal dominance for the central figure; it cannot be reduced to a mere graphic element equal in weight to the text block. The figure must remain the primary subject that the text supports, not the other way around."
}