{
  "axis": "color_atmosphere_craft",
  "real_conflicts": [
    "The proposal to shift the fire and spark cluster 10% off-center to the right (from the composition critic) directly undermines the atmospheric depth I am defending. The current symmetrical arrangement allows the warm, radial glow to act as a central light source that evenly illuminates the layered mountain silhouettes, creating a cohesive, hazy atmosphere. Breaking this symmetry would create an uneven distribution of light and shadow, potentially making one side of the landscape feel 'dead' or under-lit, which would break the immersive, all-encompassing feel of the threat."
  ],
  "accepted": [
    "The visual concept critic's suggestion to increase the size and opacity of the orange glow at the base of the flame is a strong improvement for my mandate. This will enhance the 'light source' quality of the fire, allowing the warm palette to bleed further into the dark foreground silhouettes, thereby increasing the atmospheric tension and making the fire feel more active and consuming rather than static."
  ],
  "concession": "I concede that the current 'spark' is too geometric and sterile. While I prefer the central alignment, I agree that the perfect circle lacks the necessary texture and 'danger' to feel like a real ember. It needs to be more organic to fit the natural environment.",
  "compromise": "We will keep the spark and fire on the central vertical axis to preserve the atmospheric symmetry and lighting balance, but we will execute the visual concept critic's revision: the spark will be rendered as a smaller, irregular, glowing ember with a subtle, darker smoke trail connecting it to the fire below. This adds the necessary texture and 'cause-and-effect' link without disrupting the atmospheric composition.",
  "nonnegotiable": "The warm, hazy color grading of the sky and the high-contrast relationship between the dark foreground silhouettes and the central light source must be preserved. This specific tonal contrast is what gives the poster its emotional weight and ensures the text remains legible against the atmospheric background."
}