```json
{
"axis": "color_atmosphere_craft",
"real_conflicts": [
"Applying a 'horizontal glitch' or 'chromatic aberration' to the headline text (Typography Integration proposal) is unacceptable. While the brief calls for 'tension,' introducing digital artifacts to the typography degrades the production quality, making the poster look like a low-resolution web error rather than a high-end print artifact. It sacrifices the 'production-level finish' for a cheap stylistic shortcut.",
"Replacing the jagged red line with a smooth vector path (My previous revision) is rejected. The jagged, pixelated nature of the red line is the only element in the composition that visually represents 'noise' or 'static.' Smoothing it out would result in a sterile, generic sine wave that fails to convey the 'experimental' nature of the jazz festival."
],
"accepted": [
"Using a multi-layered Gaussian blur filter to create a realistic 'bloom' or glow effect (My previous revision). The current blue line looks like a flat plastic tube; it needs atmospheric depth and luminous falloff to feel like a light source in a dark room."
],
"concession": "I concede that the red line must remain jagged and pixelated to represent the 'Red Noise' concept. However, I insist that this jaggedness must be treated as a deliberate stylistic choice (like a digital signal or a glitch) rather than a rendering error. It needs to be rendered with the same high-quality lighting physics as the blue line.",
"compromise": "Apply a high-quality 'neon glow' filter to both lines to unify the lighting physics. The blue line should remain smooth and fluid, while the red line retains its jagged, pixelated shape but is treated with a soft, diffuse glow to integrate it into the atmosphere. This creates a visual dialogue between 'fluid sound' and 'digital noise' without sacrificing legibility or production value.",
"nonnegotiable": "The typography must remain clean, sharp, and free of digital distortion effects. The 'noise' and 'glitch' must be contained within the graphical elements (the lines), while the text provides a stable, high-contrast anchor for the viewer."
}
```