```json
{
  "axis": "editorial_director",
  "real_conflicts": [
    "The Art Director's proposal to 'abandon the uniform box system' and use 'vertical light beams' creates a chaotic visual field that destroys the schedule's readability. A festival schedule is a functional tool; if the user cannot instantly distinguish one time slot from another due to glowing gradients and lack of containers, the design fails its primary purpose. The 'rhythm' requested in the brief is achieved through the grid's structure, not by dissolving it into abstract art.",
    "The Information Architect's suggestion to move time labels inside the grid columns (specifically the leftmost one) is a regression. The current external time axis allows for a cleaner, faster horizontal scan across all three stages simultaneously. Embedding the time inside the card forces the user to read redundant data (12:00 PM, 12:00 PM, 12:00 PM) and clutters the stage columns, making the artist names harder to spot."
  ],
  "accepted": [
    "The Production Reviewer's point that the headliner banner acts as a 'visual wall' is correct. While the headliner must be dominant, it must not physically overwrite the grid structure or obscure the Moonlight Stage column. It must be integrated into the timeline, not appended as a footer."
  ],
  "concession": "I concede that the current 'Get Tickets' button is a distraction. It is too prominent and floats in a way that competes with the header information. I agree it should be moved to a more functional location, such as the footer or integrated into the header bar, to stop it from stealing focus from the schedule data.",
  "compromise": "We will retain the Art Director's desire for a 'memorable sense of rhythm' by keeping the grid structure but applying the 'light beam' concept as a subtle background gradient behind the columns, rather than replacing the boxes. We will fix the Headliner by making it a full-width row that sits *within* the grid logic (pushing the footer down) rather than overlaying the columns, ensuring the Moonlight Stage remains visible. The time labels will remain external to preserve the clean horizontal scan.",
  "nonnegotiable": "The schedule must remain a coherent, scannable grid. The Headliner cannot obscure the content of the third stage (Moonlight Stage). The user must be able to see the full lineup for all three stages at a single glance without mental reconstruction."
}
```