{
"revision": "1. Re-layer the visual hierarchy: Move the jagged blue and red waveform paths to the foreground, rendering them *on top* of the typography using a 'screen' or 'lighten' blend mode. Increase the amplitude of the spikes in the center so they physically intersect and 'punch through' the letters of 'RED NOISE', creating a visual collision that embodies improvisation. 2. Resolve spatial imbalance: Shift the 'FEATURING' and performer names block to the bottom right to anchor the negative space, creating a diagonal visual path from the top-left title to the bottom-right credits. This counter-weights the heavy left-aligned typography. 3. Integrate typography as expressive material: Apply a subtle horizontal skew or 'glitch' offset to 'BLUE HOUR' to visually syncopate it against the baseline. Stagger the supporting text lines to break the rigid column, allowing the foreground waveforms to pass behind specific words for depth. 4. Refine color and craft: Reduce the opacity of the red waveform to 70% and replace the heavy neon glow with a tight drop shadow to ground it. Shift the red hue to a deeper, muted crimson to harmonize with the background glow. Apply a subtle grain texture to the blue waveform to match the distressed feel of the 'RED NOISE' text, unifying the material language.",
"protected_strengths": [
"The strong color coding (blue for 'Blue Hour', red for 'Red Noise') which effectively communicates the duality of the event.",
"The jagged, irregular geometry of the waveform lines that convey syncopation, tension, and live energy.",
"The high-contrast dark background essential for the 'late-night' atmosphere.",
"The distressed texture on 'RED NOISE' which adds raw energy to the title."
],
"resolved_conflicts": [
"Conflict: Visual Concept mandates waveforms be the protagonist (foreground), while Composition mandates balancing the left-heavy text block. Resolution: By moving waveforms to the foreground and shifting the performer credits to the bottom right, the waveforms become active compositional elements that bridge the gap between the top-left title and bottom-right credits, solving both the 'background texture' issue and the 'dead zone' imbalance simultaneously.",
"Conflict: Typography mandates expressive, syncopated text, while Color/Craft mandates cohesive material language. Resolution: The 'glitch' skew on 'BLUE HOUR' and the grain texture applied to the blue waveform create a unified 'digital noise' aesthetic that supports the expressive typography without introducing disjointed effects."
],
"rationale": "The revision prioritizes the integration of the central visual metaphor (waveforms) with the spatial structure. By elevating the waveforms to the foreground, the design moves from a generic 'tech background' to a unified artistic statement. The shift of credits to the bottom right resolves the compositional dead zone while maintaining the diagonal flow. Typography adjustments ensure the text participates in the rhythm rather than sitting statically, and color refinements ensure the 'noise' elements feel cohesive and atmospheric rather than like disconnected digital overlays."
}