```json
{
"axis": "composition_hierarchy",
"real_conflicts": [
"The proposal to 'replace smooth neon lines with a high-contrast, detailed SVG illustration of a specific deep-sea creature' risks destroying the spatial balance of the poster. The current composition relies on the negative space between the two curves to create a 'vessel' for the text. Introducing a complex, organic creature (like an anglerfish) would likely clutter the center, competing with the title for dominance and destroying the clean, legible hierarchy required for a museum poster. The creature would become a visual obstacle rather than a framing device."
],
"accepted": [
"The proposal to 'apply a subtle SVG gradient to the headline text to simulate light refraction' is accepted. This allows the text to physically inhabit the environment, bridging the gap between the foreground typography and the background atmosphere without disrupting the layout's geometry."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current center alignment is too static and 'administrative.' The text block currently sits as a flat island, ignoring the dynamic curves of the background. I agree that the layout needs to feel less like a centered label and more like an integrated part of the deep-sea environment.",
"compromise": "Instead of replacing the curves with a creature, we will use the existing curves to dictate the text's spatial hierarchy. We should shift the title 'BELOW THE LAST LIGHT' slightly off-center (perhaps aligning it with the visual weight of the cyan curve on the left) to create asymmetrical tension. Furthermore, we should allow the background curves to pass *behind* the text with a subtle blur or glow effect, creating depth and ensuring the text feels submerged within the light rather than floating on top of it.",
"nonnegotiable": "The typographic hierarchy must remain the primary focal point. The title must be legible and dominant from a distance; the composition cannot sacrifice clarity for the sake of 'strangeness' or texture."
}
```