```json
{
"axis": "typography_integration",
"real_conflicts": [
"The 'visual_concept_imagery' critic proposes replacing the abstract background with a 'deep, textured abyssal blue-black.' This directly conflicts with my mandate to fix the typography. The current headline fails because it is a glowing white block sitting on a washed-out grey center. If we darken the background to a deep black without addressing the text's 'light pollution' effect, the white text will become a harsh, blinding glare that destroys the atmosphere. The text must be treated as a light source itself, not just a label on a dark wall.",
"The 'composition_hierarchy' critic suggests shifting the title block to the left or right third to break symmetry. This is dangerous for the headline 'BELOW THE LAST LIGHT.' The current centered, stacked layout mimics the vertical pressure of the deep ocean. Moving the text to the side risks making it look like a standard corporate presentation slide. The verticality of the type stack is the only thing currently anchoring the 'descent' concept."
],
"accepted": [
"The 'color_atmosphere_craft' critic's proposal to 'invert the lighting logic' and darken the center of the background is essential. The current bright center acts as a spotlight that flattens the text. By darkening the center, we allow the typography to function as the primary light source, creating the necessary contrast for the 'glowing' effect to work without looking like a generic tech interface."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current headline font (the heavy geometric sans) is too 'tech-startup' and lacks the 'strangeness' required by the brief. I agree with my own initial verdict that it needs to be replaced with a typeface that feels more industrial or vertical, such as a condensed neo-grotesque, to better evoke the pressure of the deep.",
"compromise": "We will retain the centered vertical stack to preserve the sense of 'descent' and pressure, but we will execute the 'color_atmosphere_craft' critic's lighting inversion. The background center will be darkened to a void, and the headline will be set in a tall, condensed typeface with a subtle, colored outer glow (rather than a flat white fill) to simulate bioluminescence. This allows the text to emerge from the darkness rather than sit on top of it.",
"nonnegotiable": "The subtitle 'Life at the edge of the known world' must be visually separated from the headline. Currently, it is crushed by the headline's proximity and brightness. It must be moved down with increased leading and set in a distinct, smaller weight to establish a clear hierarchy between the 'shout' of the title and the 'whisper' of the subtitle."
}
```