```json
{
"axis": "production_reviewer",
"real_conflicts": [
"The Art Director's proposal to replace the bar chart with a 'water level' or 'storm-cloud' shape is rejected. While expressive, this introduces uncalibrated visual variables that violate the mandate for 'restrained and consistent data encoding.' In a production environment, replacing a standard chart with a custom illustration creates a maintenance nightmare and risks misrepresenting the data values.",
"The Information Architect's suggestion to move the 'High-Risk Districts' list to the bottom-right of the Temperature chart is rejected. This creates a spatial conflict with the 'Recommended Actions' panel, which also needs to occupy that quadrant to balance the layout. It forces a cramped, overlapping composition that fails the boundary safety check."
],
"accepted": [
"The Editorial Director and Information Architect's proposal to move the 'Recommended Actions' panel to the bottom-right corner (below the precipitation chart) is accepted. This resolves the critical obstruction of the data visualization and restores the information hierarchy."
],
"concession": "I concede that the 'High-Risk Districts' list is currently too large and visually disconnected. I agree that it should be treated as a sidebar element rather than a floating card, but it must remain in the bottom-left to anchor the temperature chart's timeline.",
"compromise": "We will implement a strict grid-based layout: The 'Recommended Actions' panel moves to the bottom-right column to unblock the precipitation data. The 'High-Risk Districts' list remains in the bottom-left but is resized to fit within the chart's margins without truncation. The precipitation chart remains a standard bar chart to ensure data accuracy, but we will apply a gradient fill to the bars to satisfy the Art Director's desire for visual intensity without sacrificing readability.",
"nonnegotiable": "No data visualization may be obscured by text overlays, and no content may be truncated by the canvas edge. The 'Sunset Marina' entry and the 'Precipitation Intensity' bars must be 100% visible."
}
```