{
"axis": "visual_concept_imagery",
"real_conflicts": [
  "The composition proposal to 'extend the central figure's top curve slightly further to the right' directly undermines the visual concept. Extending the curve would reinforce the 'calligraphic stroke' or 'musical note' reading I identified as a weakness, making the figure even less like a human body in motion and more like a decorative flourish. It prioritizes geometric balance over the specific narrative of 'physical control and emotional release.'",
  "The typography proposal to apply a 'vertical skew or breathing distortion' to the headline is a generic motion effect that the brief explicitly forbids. It detracts from the 'sophisticated' tone and does not solve the core issue: the central image itself lacks the necessary tension. Distorting the text does not make the image more expressive; it just makes the text look like it's moving, which is a superficial fix for a conceptual failure."
],
"accepted": [
  "The color_atmosphere_craft proposal to replace the solid beige fill with a linear gradient (light to dark) is a strong conceptual improvement. It directly supports the 'weight' aspect of the title and adds a sense of gravity to the form, which is currently missing.",
  "The color_atmosphere_craft proposal to remove the generic drop shadow is essential. The current shadow makes the figure look like a floating object or a UI element, which contradicts the 'grounded, physical form' required by the brief."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current image is too 'smooth' and 'continuous.' While I defend the abstract approach, I accept that the current execution is too passive. The figure needs to show more 'strain' or 'instability' to match the brief's requirement for 'tension' and 'collapse.'",
"compromise": "Combine the color gradient proposal with a specific modification to the figure's geometry. Instead of just changing the color, we should introduce a subtle 'break' or 'fracture' in the beige shape near the bottom curve, where the gradient is darkest. This 'fracture' represents the 'collapse' or 'loss of control,' while the gradient represents the 'weight.' The blue line should be adjusted to appear to be 'pulling' against this fracture point, creating a visual tug-of-war.",
"nonnegotiable": "The central figure must remain an abstract, gestural form. It cannot become a literal silhouette or a realistic human figure, as that would violate the brief's allowance for abstraction and likely result in a generic stock-photo look. The 'body' must be suggested through line, weight, and tension, not anatomy."
}