{
  "revision": "1. Visual Metaphor & Imagery: Replace the sterile, geometric zig-zag with a stylized, organic fire front. Retain the vector aesthetic but distort the path with irregular, jagged spikes and varying widths to mimic chaotic flame behavior. Clearly distinguish a small 'spark' origin point from the expanding 'fire front' to visually narrate the headline. Ground the composition with a recognizable, textured mountain silhouette at the base, breaking the abstract ambiguity while maintaining scale.\n\n2. Composition & Hierarchy: Abandon the rigid centered stack. Anchor the headline 'ONE SPARK IS ENOUGH' centrally but lower it to rest on the 'shoulder' of the mountain peak, integrating it with the landscape. Right-align the body text ('Check conditions...') in the upper-right negative space to create a dynamic diagonal counter-balance to the fire rising from the bottom-left. Ensure a clear visual path (Z-pattern) from headline to body text to fire, avoiding text placement over complex dark geometry by using negative space or subtle contrast plates.\n\n3. Typography & Integration: Remove the artificial white outer glow from the headline. Replace it with a warm, amber-colored directional glow or shadow to unify the text with the fire's heat source. Increase the body text weight to Semi-Bold or Bold and tighten line-height to convey imperative urgency. Allow the fire line to visually interact with the headline (e.g., burning underneath or through the bottom edge) to merge text and image into a single layer.\n\n4. Color, Atmosphere & Craft: Apply a subtle noise/grain texture overlay to the entire composition to eliminate the 'digital smoothness' and add atmospheric grit. Use a complex gradient of deep reds, oranges, and whites for the fire to simulate heat, rather than a flat yellow stroke. Maintain the high-contrast dark background to ensure the white typography remains the dominant, legible anchor, subordinate to no atmospheric effects.",
  "protected_strengths": [
    "High-contrast color palette (dark background vs. glowing elements) ensuring headline legibility.",
    "Strong visual hierarchy where the headline remains the dominant element.",
    "The concept of using a glowing line to represent the fire front, provided it is organically distorted."
  ],
  "resolved_conflicts": [
    "Abstract vs. Literal Imagery: Resolved by distorting the geometric vector path to be organic and irregular, bridging the gap between modern graphic design and the chaotic nature of fire without resorting to generic stock photography.",
    "Centered Stagnation vs. Legibility: Resolved by keeping the headline centered but anchoring it to the mountain peak, while shifting body text to the right to create dynamic balance without placing text over low-contrast dark geometry.",
    "Artificial Glow vs. Atmospheric Integration: Resolved by replacing the white 'neon' glow with a warm amber glow that matches the fire's color temperature, integrating typography into the visual system rather than floating above it.",
    "Sterile Vector vs. Gritty Reality: Resolved by applying a global noise/grain texture overlay, adding atmospheric depth and grit to the smooth vector shapes without compromising the crispness of the typography."
  ],
  "rationale": "This brief prioritizes the integration of all four mandates by treating the fire not just as an image, but as a compositional force that interacts with typography and space. It rejects the 'generic tech' look by introducing organic irregularity and texture, while rejecting 'sensationalism' by maintaining a clean, high-contrast vector foundation. The composition shifts from static symmetry to dynamic diagonal tension, ensuring the poster reads as a unified, urgent warning rather than a disjointed collection of elements."
}