{
"axis": "visual_concept_imagery",
"real_conflicts": [
  "The proposal to shift the 'FEATURING' block to the bottom-right to balance the composition directly undermines the visual concept. The current left-aligned stack creates a visual 'anchor' that allows the diagonal chain of squares to feel like a force breaking *out* of a static structure. Moving the text to the right would create a symmetrical, 'sandwiched' composition that neutralizes the tension and makes the diagonal line feel like a mere connector between two text blocks rather than a disruptive element.",
  "The proposal to apply a 'glitch' or 'displacement' effect to the headline typography conflicts with the mandate to keep the visual idea distinct from the text. The visual concept relies on the contrast between the rigid, stable typography (the 'structure' of the composition) and the chaotic, scaling imagery (the 'improvisation'). Glitching the text blurs this distinction, making the entire poster feel like a generic 'cyberpunk' aesthetic rather than a specific metaphor for jazz tension."
],
"accepted": [
  "The proposal to break the rigid diagonal line into jagged, fragmented segments is a strong improvement. It directly addresses the 'noise' and 'interruption' requirements of the brief, transforming the line from a static vector into a representation of a broken signal or a sudden musical stop.",
  "The proposal to add a subtle noise/grain texture to the diagonal squares is compatible. It adds the necessary 'craft' and depth to the imagery, preventing the central visual metaphor from feeling like a sterile, flat vector pattern."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current diagonal line is too 'clean' and predictable. It lacks the necessary visual 'noise' to fully convey the experimental nature of the jazz. I accept that the line needs to be fragmented or 'broken' to better serve the concept of improvisation and tension.",
"compromise": "We will fragment the diagonal line into jagged segments as proposed, but we will keep the text blocks in their current left-aligned positions. To address the 'dead zone' in the bottom-right without moving the text, we will extend the fragmented line and the scaling squares further into that negative space, allowing the visual 'noise' to fill the void and create a sense of energy spilling off the page, rather than balancing the layout with static text.",
"nonnegotiable": "The visual metaphor must remain distinct from the typography. The imagery (squares and lines) must carry the weight of the 'improvisation' and 'tension' concepts, while the typography remains the stable, readable anchor. We cannot allow the text to become a 'glitched' element that dilutes the specific visual concept of the central graphic."
}