```json
{
"axis": "visual_concept_imagery",
"real_conflicts": [
"The proposal to 'replace the soft, rounded shape with a high-contrast, jagged composition' risks destroying the specific metaphor of 'Air.' The brief asks for the 'Weight of Air,' which implies a tension between heaviness and etherealness. Replacing the soft form entirely with jagged shards creates a visual of 'shattered glass' or 'explosion,' which contradicts the concept of 'restrained energy' and 'balance.' It makes the imagery too aggressive and literal, losing the ambiguity required for contemporary dance.",
"The suggestion to use a 'distorted, elongated silhouette' is too literal and risks looking like a generic stock photo of a dancer. The brief explicitly states the figure 'does not need to be anatomically realistic' and encourages abstraction. A literal silhouette fails to capture the internal 'emotional release' and reduces the design to a standard event card."
],
"accepted": [
"The proposal to 'increase the scale of the title significantly so it spans the vertical height of the figure' is accepted. This allows the text to physically interact with the imagery, creating the necessary spatial tension.",
"The proposal to 'shift the entire text block to the left side... to create a strong asymmetrical balance' is accepted. This provides the negative space needed to make the abstract imagery on the right feel more deliberate and less like a background element."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current soft shape is too passive and lacks the 'physical weight' required by the brief. It currently reads as a generic gradient rather than a specific visual concept. However, the solution is not to remove the softness, but to weaponize it.",
"compromise": "Instead of replacing the soft shape with jagged shards, we should use the 'shards' as a disruptive force acting *upon* the soft shape. The imagery should depict the soft, amorphous form (representing 'Air') being pierced or fractured by sharp, geometric shards (representing 'Weight' or 'Control'). This preserves the metaphor of the title while introducing the requested tension and fragmentation without resorting to a literal human silhouette.",
"nonnegotiable": "The imagery must remain abstract and non-anatomical. The visual concept must rely on the interplay of form and texture (soft vs. sharp) rather than a literal depiction of a human body."
}
```