```json
{
"axis": "composition_hierarchy",
"real_conflicts": [
"Typography Integration: The proposal to apply a 'vertical shear or slight blur' to the headline is rejected. While the current text is static, introducing distortion to the typeface itself risks turning the poster into a gimmick. The tension should be created by the spatial relationship between the text and the image, not by warping the letters. The text must remain a solid, legible anchor to contrast with the fluid, ghostly figure.",
"Visual Concept Imagery: The proposal to use a 'double exposure' or 'glitch' technique is rejected. These effects are often cliché in contemporary design and can feel 'digital' rather than 'physical.' The brief asks for 'restrained energy' and 'collapse,' which are better served by a high-contrast, solid silhouette or a sharp, fragmented form rather than a digital glitch effect."
],
"accepted": [
"Visual Concept Imagery: The proposal to replace the generic light flare with a 'high-contrast, abstracted silhouette of a figure in a state of collapse or suspension' is accepted. This is essential to fulfill the brief's requirement for a 'human body in motion' and to provide a physical counterweight to the text.",
"Color Atmosphere Craft: The proposal to 'deepen the background gradient to a rich, moody charcoal or deep violet-black' is accepted. The current background is too washed out; increasing the tonal density will allow the white text to pop and give the 'ghost' figure more visual weight."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current centered layout is too passive and 'tidy.' The text and image are currently sitting side-by-side in a flat plane. I agree that the composition needs to be broken to create the 'tension' requested in the brief, but this must be achieved through spatial overlap and asymmetry, not by distorting the typography.",
"compromise": "We will adopt the 'Visual Concept' critic's suggestion of a strong, abstracted silhouette but position it according to my 'Composition' revision. The figure should be placed on the right, emerging from the darkness and physically overlapping the right side of the title text (specifically the word 'WEIGHT'). This creates a deliberate diagonal visual path and depth. The text remains sharp and legible (rejecting the blur/shear), but the figure's opacity is increased so it interacts with the letters, creating a sense of the body pushing against the 'weight' of the title.",
"nonnegotiable": "The typographic hierarchy must remain legible and distinct. The title 'THE WEIGHT OF AIR' must be the primary focal point, and the informational text must be clearly separated at the bottom. We cannot sacrifice readability for the sake of abstract expression."
}
```