```json
{
"axis": "composition_hierarchy",
"real_conflicts": [
"Shifting the title block to the left or right to 'break symmetry' (as suggested in the original verdict) would destroy the visual metaphor of the 'abyss.' The deep ocean is defined by its vast, crushing emptiness. By centering the text, the design mimics the isolation of a diver or submersible suspended in the void. Moving the text to the side would turn the composition into a standard 'image-left, text-right' layout, which feels like a brochure rather than an immersive environment.",
"Replacing the text with a large-scale silhouette (as suggested in the Visual Concept verdict) would compromise the 'institutional credibility' required by the brief. A museum poster must prioritize legibility and hierarchy. Obscuring the title with a creature silhouette risks making the poster look like a movie poster or a generic wallpaper, losing the authoritative clarity needed for a 'Special Exhibition' announcement."
],
"accepted": [
"The proposal to introduce a subtle radial gradient or vignette behind the text is accepted. This anchors the typography in the 'depth' of the image, creating a sense of volume and preventing the text from floating in a flat void.",
"The suggestion to apply a multi-layered Gaussian blur or 'bloom' to the bioluminescent lines is accepted. This adds the necessary atmospheric diffusion to make the light feel like it is traveling through water rather than a digital vector."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current 'sandwich' effect—where the text is completely disconnected from the glowing lines—is visually static. The text currently feels like a label pasted on top of a background, rather than an element existing within the environment. The text needs to interact with the light sources.",
"compromise": "Maintain the centered typographic stack to preserve the 'void' metaphor, but integrate the bioluminescent lines into the text block. Instead of keeping the lines strictly on the margins, allow the cyan and purple tendrils to weave *behind* the letters of 'BELOW THE LAST LIGHT.' This creates depth (z-axis layering) and connects the information to the atmosphere without breaking the central symmetry or sacrificing legibility.",
"nonnegotiable": "The typographic hierarchy must remain centered and dominant. The poster must read as a unified, balanced composition from a distance, where the title acts as the focal point of the darkness."
}
```