{
"axis": "composition_hierarchy",
"real_conflicts": [
  "The proposal to extend the central figure's top curve further to the right to balance the title block directly undermines the concept of 'restrained energy' and 'tension.' Extending the curve would make the figure more symmetrical and static, destroying the dynamic off-center tension that creates the visual 'weight' and sense of impending collapse or release.",
  "The typography proposal to apply a 'vertical skew or breathing distortion' to the headline is a direct violation of the mandate for a sophisticated, deliberate hierarchy. Distorting the typeface introduces a decorative effect that has no relationship to the performance and breaks the clean, structural alignment that anchors the composition, making it look like a generic motion graphic rather than a refined poster."
],
"accepted": [
  "The proposal to align the baseline of the bottom text block with the lowest point of the figure's curve is an excellent structural improvement. This creates a strong horizontal anchor that grounds the 'weight' of the composition and connects the informational hierarchy to the visual hierarchy.",
  "The suggestion to increase the tracking of the word 'AIR' is a subtle and effective way to integrate the typography with the negative space without compromising the integrity of the typeface or the overall balance."
],
"concession": "I concede that the upper-right quadrant is currently too empty and that the diagonal line feels disconnected. However, I reject the solution of adding a 'small dot or fragment' as it feels like a decorative afterthought. The balance must be achieved through the existing elements, not by adding new ones.",
"compromise": "Instead of extending the figure or adding new elements, we should adjust the scale and position of the existing blue-grey line. By making the upper loop of the blue line slightly larger and shifting it 5-10% to the right, we can create a visual counter-weight in the upper-right quadrant that feels like an integral part of the figure's 'struggle' or 'release' rather than a tacked-on element. This maintains the tension while resolving the dead zone.",
"nonnegotiable": "The central figure must remain the dominant focal point, and its abstract, flowing quality must be preserved. Any changes to the composition must enhance the sense of movement and tension, not reduce it to a static, balanced state."
}