```json
{
  "axis": "art_director",
  "real_conflicts": [
    "The Editorial Director's proposal to move the 'Read the Issue' button to the top-right header area is a fundamental error in visual hierarchy. It reduces a primary conversion action to a mere navigation link, destroying the 'prominent' requirement of the brief and cluttering the masthead.",
    "The Information Architect's suggestion to place the 'Read the Issue' button in the bottom-right corner creates a disjointed visual flow. It separates the call-to-action from the content it represents (the feature story), forcing the eye to jump across the screen rather than following a logical reading path."
  ],
  "accepted": [
    "The Information Architect's proposal to restructure the secondary articles into a 2x2 grid is essential. The current vertical list is a 'database dump' that fails to provide the 'meaningful variation' and 'cultural distinction' required by the brief.",
    "The Production Reviewer's critique regarding the 'spreadsheet aesthetic' of the horizontal dividers is valid. We must rely on whitespace and typographic weight to distinguish content, not mechanical lines."
  ],
  "concession": "I concede that the current 'Feature Essay' placement in the bottom-left is structurally weak and confusing. I agree with the Editorial Director that the Feature content and its visual anchor must be unified in the top-left quadrant to establish immediate dominance.",
  "compromise": "We will adopt the Editorial Director's 'Hero' quadrant (Feature text + Graphic top-left) and the Information Architect's 2x2 grid for secondary content (bottom half). However, the 'Read the Issue' button must remain anchored to the Feature story block (bottom-right of the hero section) to maintain the logical reading path, rather than being moved to the header or the page footer.",
  "nonnegotiable": "The secondary articles must not be mechanically identical. The 2x2 grid must utilize distinct typographic treatments (e.g., scale, weight, or accent color) to differentiate categories like Poetry from Visual Art, fulfilling the mandate for a 'coherent editorial system' that is not 'mechanically identical'."
}
```