{
  "axis": "color_atmosphere_craft",
  "real_conflicts": [
    "The proposal to break strict vertical symmetry by shifting the title block (composition) is a risk to the atmospheric integrity. The current centered alignment creates a stable, institutional anchor that allows the chaotic, glowing elements to feel like they are drifting around a fixed point of knowledge. Shifting the text could make the composition feel unbalanced and undermine the 'museum' credibility, turning it into a generic graphic design piece rather than a unified atmospheric world."
  ],
  "accepted": [
    "The proposal to replace the cartoonish, hard-edged creature illustrations with abstract, silhouette-based, or ethereal forms (visual_concept) is essential for my mandate. The current hard edges and 'sticker' look destroy the atmospheric depth. Making them translucent and glowing is the only way to integrate them into the color and light system.",
    "The proposal to apply a vertical gradient to the headline text, fading to semi-transparent (typography), is a strong atmospheric move. It physically integrates the typography into the 'descent' narrative, making the text feel like it is being consumed by the darkness below, which reinforces the 'below the last light' concept."
  ],
  "concession": "I concede that the current light rays are too geometric and 'clip-art' in their execution. They need to be softer and more diffuse to match the atmospheric quality of the water.",
  "compromise": "We will adopt the 'ethereal creature' approach from the visual concept critic, but specifically execute it using the 'Gaussian blur and radial gradient' techniques I proposed. The creatures should not just be 'abstract shapes' but should be rendered as light sources that bleed into the background. Simultaneously, we will apply the typography critic's gradient fade to the text, ensuring the text and the creatures share the same 'fading into darkness' visual language.",
  "nonnegotiable": "The addition of a subtle, low-opacity noise or grain texture overlay across the entire canvas is non-negotiable. Without this surface treatment, the digital smoothness remains sterile and fails to convey the 'heavy, pressurized' quality of deep ocean water."
}