PRIORITIZED CHANGES:
1. Scale & Position: Enlarge the central figure by 40-50% and shift it slightly right to establish focal dominance and create a diagonal visual path from the top-left title to the form, resolving the current imbalance. 2. Figure Dynamics: Replace smooth, rounded segment caps with frayed, stretched, or 'dragged' connections to visualize the tension of failing control; enhance the background wireframe echo by increasing its opacity and offset to suggest motion blur or a 'before/after' state of collapse. 3. Typography Integration: Re-set 'THE WEIGHT OF AIR' with dramatic weight contrast (e.g., 'WEIGHT' significantly heavier/larger) to embody the theme; move the subtitle to clear negative space below the headline to eliminate collision with the figure. 4. Atmosphere & Color: Replace the hard black drop shadow with a soft, blurred purple ambient shadow to integrate the figure into the space; introduce a subtle warm rim light (amber or deep red) on the figure to suggest internal emotional heat against the cool, controlled background.
PROTECT:
["The sophisticated, minimalist aesthetic and abstract, non-realistic approach to the figure, which avoids generic stock imagery.", "The dark, moody background and muted color palette that effectively set the emotional tone.", "The elegant serif typeface choice, which contributes to the required 'sophisticated' voice."]
RESOLVED CONFLICTS:
["Conflict: The 'Visual Concept' mandate calls for increased visual friction and frayed edges, while 'Color/Craft' warns against gratuitous effects. Resolution: Integrate the 'frayed' texture as a structural element of the figure's geometry (stretched strokes) rather than a decorative filter, ensuring it serves the narrative of physical strain.", "Conflict: 'Composition' demands scaling up the figure to dominate the space, while 'Typography' suggests making the headline heavier to anchor the composition. Resolution: Prioritize the figure's scale for focal dominance, but use the headline's weight contrast to create a counter-weight in the top-left, establishing a dynamic diagonal tension rather than competing for equal dominance."]