{
  "axis": "information_architect",
  "real_conflicts": [
    "The Art Director's proposal to overlap the title with the artwork area to create 'spatial tension' directly violates the mandate for 'intentional reading order' and 'comprehension.' Overlapping text with complex geometric graphics increases cognitive load and risks obscuring the exhibition title, which must be identifiable within seconds.",
    "The Art Director's suggestion to use 'chromatic aberration' or 'glitch' effects on the artwork risks creating visual noise that distracts from the primary content. While atmospheric, these effects can degrade the legibility of the layout and make the page feel like a broken interface rather than a polished landing page."
  ],
  "accepted": [
    "The Editorial Director's proposal to increase the opacity and font-weight of the artist's name ('ELARA VANCE') is accepted. This is a critical fix for the information hierarchy, ensuring the creator is recognized as a primary entity rather than a background texture.",
    "The Production Reviewer's suggestion to anchor the footer elements (button and hours) with a rigid bottom margin or container is accepted. This resolves the 'floating' visual instability and creates a clear structural baseline for the page."
  ],
  "concession": "I concede that the current layout is too 'safe' and grid-bound (as noted by the Art Director). I agree that the spatial relationship between the text and the artwork needs to be more dynamic to meet the 'immersive' requirement, provided this dynamism does not compromise the legibility of the text.",
  "compromise": "Instead of overlapping text (Art Director) or keeping the rigid grid (Production), we will use a 'floating' layout where the text block and artwork block are distinct but interact through shared negative space. We will move the 'Reserve Tickets' button to the left column, directly below the dates and location (as per my original critique), to group all transactional data. This creates a strong vertical reading path on the left, while the artwork on the right can be expanded or stylized (per Art Director) without interfering with the text.",
  "nonnegotiable": "The 'Reserve Tickets' action must be grouped spatially with the exhibition dates and location. Separating the 'when/where' from the 'buy' action creates a disjointed scan path that harms conversion efficiency."
}