{
  "revision": "1. Restructure Layout to a Unified Comparison Matrix: Abandon the disconnected 'left-label/right-card' layout. Implement a strict horizontal grid where specification rows (Battery, Drivers, Weight) align perfectly across all three product columns. Move specific data points out of narrative bullet lists and into these fixed grid cells to enable instant horizontal scanning.\n2. Differentiate Product Visuals via SVG Geometry: Replace identical wireframes with distinct SVG illustrations that reflect physical characteristics: 'Air' uses thin, airy strokes; 'Studio' uses precise, technical angles; 'Nocturne' uses thick, substantial forms. This preserves brand unity through style while ensuring distinct product identities.\n3. Elevate 'Studio' Recommendation with Premium Lighting: Replace the generic yellow/orange border highlight with a sophisticated SVG drop-shadow glow and a subtle radial background gradient behind the 'Studio' card. This creates a strong focal point through depth and light rather than clashing color, maintaining the premium dark-mode aesthetic.\n4. Standardize Data Anchors: Use consistent, minimal icons (e.g., battery icon, driver icon) within the grid cells to serve as visual anchors for specifications, removing the need for external text labels and reducing cognitive load.",
  "protected_strengths": [
    "The clear typographic hierarchy of pricing and feature lists.",
    "The effective identification of the 'Studio' model as the recommended choice.",
    "The functional grid layout concept (once corrected to align data)."
  ],
  "resolved_conflicts": [
    "Conflict: Editorial/IA need for quick comparison vs. Art Director need for distinct visual personality. Resolution: Use a unified grid structure for data (comparison) but vary the SVG illustration geometry and lighting effects (personality) within that structure.",
    "Conflict: Art Director's rejection of 'cheap' highlights vs. Editorial need for strong focal point. Resolution: Replace high-contrast color borders with subtle, premium lighting effects (glow/shadow) to emphasize the recommended product without breaking the dark aesthetic.",
    "Conflict: Production need for alignment vs. IA need for scan path. Resolution: Move data from vertical stacks into horizontal rows, ensuring that 'Battery' is always on the same horizontal plane across all three products, enabling direct side-by-side comparison."
  ],
  "rationale": "This plan prioritizes the 'disciplined comparison system' (Editorial/IA/Production) by fixing the broken grid alignment, which is the primary functional failure. It simultaneously addresses the Art Director's critique by replacing generic templates with distinct SVG geometries and premium lighting, ensuring the design is not just functional but also visually rich and brand-appropriate. The solution integrates all mandates by using structure for clarity and visual nuance for distinction."
}