{
"axis": "typography_integration",
"real_conflicts": [
  "The proposal to shift the text block 10-15% to the left to break symmetry is a direct violation of the mandate to maintain institutional credibility. A museum poster requires a sense of order and authority; off-centering the primary title in a vertical composition without a strong counter-narrative in the imagery (which is currently weak) will make the design look unbalanced and amateurish rather than 'dynamic'.",
  "The proposal to increase the font weight to 'bold' is too aggressive. A bold serif in this context risks looking like a generic 'sale' or 'action' poster. The 'pressure' of the deep sea should be conveyed through the *presence* and *clarity* of the type, not by making it look heavy and industrial. It undermines the 'scientific curiosity' tone."
],
"accepted": [
  "The proposal to increase the opacity/brightness of the title to near-white is essential. The current low-contrast 'ghost' effect makes the text look like a watermark rather than a headline. It fails the 'visually compelling at a distance' requirement. The text must command the space.",
  "The proposal to add a 'hot core' or sharp center to the bioluminescent orbs is compatible. If the text is to remain centered, the visual interest must come from the interaction of light and form. Sharper light sources will provide the contrast needed to make the white text pop without needing to change the typeface weight."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current 'floating' nature of the text is a weakness. The text does not feel like it exists *in* the water. I am willing to accept a subtle visual effect on the text itself, provided it does not compromise legibility.",
"compromise": "Keep the text perfectly centered to maintain the museum's authoritative voice. However, apply a very subtle, localized distortion or 'refraction' effect to the bottom 10% of the headline letters (specifically the 'GHT' in LIGHT) to simulate the light bending through water. This integrates the type into the environment without the 'fragile' look of the current light weight, and without the 'industrial' look of a bold weight. Simultaneously, increase the text brightness to 90% white to ensure it cuts through the background.",
"nonnegotiable": "The headline must remain the most legible element on the poster. No atmospheric effect (blur, distortion, gradient) may reduce the contrast of the text against the background to the point where it is difficult to read from 3 feet away."
}