```json
{
"visible_observation": "The poster features a dark, deep blue background with a subtle gradient. On the right side, there is a tall, vertical, translucent graphic resembling a stylized jellyfish or a sonar beam, segmented by horizontal cyan lines. On the left, the headline 'BELOW THE LAST LIGHT' is stacked in large, bold, sans-serif capital letters with a white glow effect. Below this is a subtitle in a serif italic font, followed by exhibition details in a smaller sans-serif font. The layout is strictly divided: text on the left, graphic on the right.",
"critique": "The design suffers from a 'generic tech' aesthetic that undermines the biological mystery of the deep sea. The central graphic is too abstract and geometric, resembling a UI element or a sci-fi energy beam rather than a marine organism or an atmospheric phenomenon. The typography is functional but lacks character; the glowing sans-serif headline feels like a video game title rather than a museum exhibition. The composition is static and safe, failing to create a sense of depth, pressure, or the 'strangeness' requested in the brief. It reads as a template rather than a bespoke visual world.",
"revision": "Replace the abstract geometric graphic with a more evocative visual metaphor for the deep sea—such as a high-contrast, ethereal bioluminescent organism (like a siphonophore or anglerfish) or a realistic depiction of the 'twilight zone' light shafts fading into darkness. Shift the composition to integrate text and image; perhaps allow the headline to emerge from the darkness or be partially obscured by the 'water' texture to create depth. Change the headline typography to a font with more atmospheric weight (e.g., a condensed serif or a distressed sans-serif) to convey the crushing pressure and age of the deep. Enhance the atmosphere by adding subtle textures (particles, water distortion) to move away from the sterile digital look.",
"protected_strength": "The color palette of deep navy and cyan is appropriate for the subject matter and should be retained, though the contrast needs to be more dynamic. The hierarchy of information is clear and legible, which is a good foundation to build upon.",
"tradeoff": "Prioritize atmospheric immersion and biological intrigue over clean, corporate minimalism. The design must sacrifice some 'tidiness' to gain the sense of mystery and wonder required for a natural history exhibition."
}
```