{
"axis": "composition_hierarchy",
"real_conflicts": [
  "The proposal to shift the entire typographic block to the horizontal center directly undermines the 'descent' narrative. The current top-left placement creates a diagonal vector that pulls the eye from the 'last light' (top) down toward the 'edge of the known world' (bottom-right). Centering the text would create a static, billboard-like hierarchy that kills the sense of movement and depth required by the brief.",
  "The proposal to add a 'faint, large-scale silhouette' in the bottom-left negative space is a compositional error. It would fill the necessary 'breathing room' that allows the eye to rest before moving to the secondary details. The negative space in the bottom-left is not a 'void' to be filled; it is the visual representation of the crushing, empty pressure of the deep. Filling it would clutter the composition and reduce the atmospheric tension."
],
"accepted": [
  "The proposal to scale up the jellyfish in the bottom-right by 15-20% is accepted. This strengthens the focal point of the 'strange' element and creates a better counter-weight to the heavy typography in the upper-left, improving the overall diagonal balance without disrupting the visual path."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current text placement, while narratively strong, does compete slightly with the jellyfish for immediate dominance. The text is perhaps too 'loud' relative to the atmospheric background. I agree that the text needs to feel more integrated into the environment rather than sitting on top of it, but this is a lighting/material issue, not a positional one.",
"compromise": "Keep the typographic block in the upper-left to maintain the diagonal descent vector. However, apply the 'light attenuation' gradient and glow suggested by the typography critic to the text. This will reduce the visual 'hardness' of the white text, allowing it to recede slightly into the atmosphere and letting the jellyfish (scaled up per my acceptance) become the primary visual anchor at the bottom of the visual path.",
"nonnegotiable": "The diagonal visual path from the top-left (light/title) to the bottom-right (darkness/creature) is the structural spine of this poster. It must remain intact to convey the sensation of descending into the unknown."
}