{
  "revision": "1. Establish a deep, textured radial gradient background (midnight blue to near-black) to simulate abyssal pressure and void, replacing the sterile grey wash. 2. Introduce a faint, ghostly silhouette of a deep-sea organism (e.g., siphonophore) as the central visual anchor, rendered with sharp, high-contrast bioluminescent accents (teals/reds) to evoke mystery and biological reality. 3. Break the rigid central axis by shifting the headline 'BELOW THE LAST LIGHT' to the left or right third, using a tall, condensed typeface with increased tracking to convey vertical descent and isolation. 4. Integrate typography into the atmosphere by applying a vertical gradient fill (white fading to transparent/deep blue) and subtle volumetric lighting, ensuring text exists 'within' the environment rather than sitting on top. 5. Anchor secondary information (subtitle, dates, museum) in the bottom corners with a delicate, legible serif or sans-serif, maintaining clear hierarchy without cluttering the central void.",
  "protected_strengths": [
    "The clear typographic hierarchy and legibility of exhibition details.",
    "The conceptual use of bioluminescent color accents (teals and reds) to define the deep-sea mood.",
    "The delicate, wireframe geometric quality of the central organism form, which suggests scientific curiosity."
  ],
  "resolved_conflicts": [
    "Conflict: Verdict 1 & 4 demand a dark, high-contrast void, while Verdict 2 & 4 praise the existing grey gradient and clean layout. Resolution: Replace the grey gradient with a deep midnight blue/black void to satisfy the 'atmospheric' mandate, but retain the clean, uncluttered spatial arrangement to preserve institutional credibility.",
    "Conflict: Verdict 2 & 3 advocate breaking the central axis for dynamic tension, while Verdict 4 insists the current centered layout is strong. Resolution: Shift the headline off-center to create spatial tension and allow the organism to occupy the visual center, but keep the overall composition balanced and anchored to avoid chaos.",
    "Conflict: Verdict 3 suggests a tall, condensed font for 'descent,' while Verdict 1 & 4 praise the existing heavy sans-serif. Resolution: Replace the heavy sans-serif with a tall, condensed typeface to better embody the 'verticality' and 'pressure' of the deep sea, integrating it with the atmospheric lighting to avoid a generic tech look."
  ],
  "rationale": "This brief prioritizes the 'atmospheric' and 'mysterious' mandates by fundamentally shifting the color and lighting to a deep-sea void, which is the core conceptual requirement. It resolves the layout conflict by moving from a static, centered stack to a dynamic, off-center composition that allows the imagery to breathe, satisfying the 'spatial hierarchy' mandate. Typography is treated as an atmospheric element (gradient fill, tracking) rather than just text, addressing the 'integration' mandate. The solution avoids generic stock imagery by specifying a ghostly, wireframe-like organism, balancing 'scientific curiosity' with 'visual metaphor'."
}