{
  "revision": "1. Visual Metaphor & Imagery: Retain the jagged, zig-zagging fire lines to preserve the visceral, chaotic energy of spreading wildfire, but reject the 'heartbeat' aesthetic. Apply a 'charred' or 'burnt' texture to the strokes themselves, transforming them from clean vector lines into glowing, burning scars across the landscape. Replace the flat, dark mountain silhouette with a textured, dark green/brown treeline to ground the abstract fire in a specific environmental context. \n\n2. Composition & Integration: Center the headline 'ONE SPARK IS ENOUGH' to maintain it as the dominant visual anchor, but integrate it directly into the fire graphic. Position the text so the jagged fire lines weave through or behind the letters (specifically 'ENOUGH'), creating a unified visual block where the text acts as the 'fuel.' Ensure the glowing spark element remains the central pivot point, with all lines radiating from or leading toward it. Push the instructional body copy ('Check conditions...') to the bottom-left, clearly separated from the headline/visual unit to establish a distinct hierarchy between the warning and the action.\n\n3. Typography: Replace the standard geometric sans-serif with a heavy, condensed sans-serif (e.g., Impact or Bebas Neue) to provide the physical weight of a warning sign. Do NOT apply distressed textures to the text fill, as this compromises legibility. Instead, set the headline in a dark, smoke-like color (matching the background) and place it over the brightest part of the fire graphic. Use a 'cutout' or masking effect so the fire appears to 'burn through' the text, integrating the typography with the imagery while maintaining crisp, high-contrast readability.\n\n4. Color & Atmosphere: Replace the sterile, flat background gradient with a textured, atmospheric gradient simulating a smoky sky (using noise/grain to break up smoothness). Apply a subtle inner shadow or depth effect to the fire lines to give them volume and a 'hot' glow, avoiding flat neon outlines. Preserve the red-to-orange-to-yellow gradient hierarchy of the fire lines to visualize the spark growing into a blaze.",
  "protected_strengths": [
    "The strong typographic hierarchy and clear legibility of the required text blocks.",
    "The glowing spark element as the central visual pivot point.",
    "The red-to-orange-to-yellow color gradient of the fire lines, which effectively visualizes the concept of a spark growing into a blaze.",
    "The dark background gradient, which provides necessary contrast for the fire elements."
  ],
  "resolved_conflicts": [
    "Conflict: Jagged lines vs. Mountain Shape. Resolution: Retained jagged lines for chaotic energy but applied burnt texture to integrate the 'mountain' concept through surface treatment rather than shape, avoiding a generic logo look.",
    "Conflict: Text Placement (Corner vs. Center). Resolution: Rejected corner placement to avoid disconnect; centered headline integrated directly into the fire graphic to create a unified visual block and maintain the spark as the focal pivot.",
    "Conflict: Text Texture (Distressed vs. Legible). Resolution: Rejected distressed text fill to preserve legibility; adopted a 'cutout' masking effect where fire burns through dark text, achieving integration without sacrificing clarity.",
    "Conflict: Background Aesthetic (Sterile vs. Atmospheric). Resolution: Replaced flat gradient with textured, smoky atmosphere and added depth to fire lines to create an urgent, environmental mood without cluttering the composition."
  ],
  "rationale": "This brief prioritizes the integration of typography and imagery to create a unified, urgent statement. It resolves the tension between abstract symbolism and environmental specificity by using texture (charred lines, smoky background) rather than literal illustration. It balances the need for visual impact (heavy condensed type, glowing fire) with the mandate for clarity (legible text, distinct hierarchy), ensuring the poster functions as a compelling campaign image from a distance while revealing detail upon closer inspection."
}