```json
{
"axis": "visual_concept_imagery",
"real_conflicts": [
"Proposal to 'break the figure's uniformity' with a glitch effect or 'fragmentation' (Composition Verdict) directly undermines the visual metaphor of 'weight.' Fragmentation implies the body is light, airy, or disintegrating, which contradicts the title 'THE WEIGHT OF AIR.' The figure must feel heavy and solid to create the requested tension.",
"Proposal to 'blur the text' to match the figure (Typography Verdict) destroys the legibility of the title. The text must remain sharp and static to act as the 'control' against the figure's 'release.' Blurring the text turns the poster into an abstract texture rather than a communicative design."
],
"accepted": [
"Proposal to 'disrupt the alignment' and shift the title off-center (Composition Verdict). This is essential to break the static, generic 'event card' layout and introduce the necessary spatial tension.",
"Proposal to 'replace the flat black background' with a textured charcoal or subtle gradient (Color Verdict). This adds the 'sophisticated' atmosphere required and prevents the figure from looking like a digital artifact."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current 'stick figure' silhouette is too generic and lacks the 'anatomical weight' required by the brief. It needs to be replaced with a more expressive, perhaps fragmented or distorted, human form that suggests physical struggle rather than just speed.",
"compromise": "Replace the generic stick figure with a solid, high-contrast silhouette of a body in a moment of collapse or extreme exertion (e.g., a dancer falling or arching). Apply a directional 'motion smear' (long exposure effect) to the figure to suggest movement, but keep the form solid and heavy. Shift the title 'THE WEIGHT OF AIR' to the left or right (as per Composition Verdict) and keep it sharp, allowing the blurred figure to aggressively overlap and obscure parts of the text, creating a physical conflict between the body and the words.",
"nonnegotiable": "The central figure must be rendered as a solid, high-contrast white shape. It must possess visual 'mass' to represent the 'weight' in the title, avoiding any effects that make it appear weightless, transparent, or purely digital."
}
```