```json
{
"axis": "visual_concept_imagery",
"real_conflicts": [
"The Typography Integration proposal to apply 'glitch' or 'chromatic aberration' effects to the text is rejected. While the goal of integrating text and image is valid, distorting the typography undermines the visual metaphor. The 'Blue Hour' represents a smooth, coherent state; glitching the text would visually corrupt the 'Blue' concept, making the entire poster look like a system error rather than a musical progression. The text must remain legible and stable to anchor the chaotic imagery.",
"The Composition Hierarchy proposal to scatter the text block (moving date to top left, venue to bottom right) is rejected. This would fragment the visual narrative. The current placement of the text stack allows the blue wave to physically underline and support the information, creating a 'foundation' for the event. Breaking this stack would leave the red 'noise' wave floating without a clear point of origin or contrast."
],
"accepted": [
"The Typography Integration proposal to replace the geometric sans-serif with a heavy, condensed typeface is accepted. The current font is too corporate and passive; a heavier weight is needed to match the physical intensity of the neon waveform.",
"The Color Atmosphere proposal to refine the glow effect (layering tight and wide blurs) is accepted. The current 'muddy' glow weakens the impact of the neon aesthetic. Sharpening the light source will make the 'Red Noise' feel more dangerous and the 'Blue Hour' more luminous."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current execution of the waveform is too mathematically perfect and sterile. It reads as a digital graph rather than a live musical performance. The 'human' element of improvisation is missing from the line work.",
"compromise": "We will modify the waveform to be 'organic' rather than 'glitched.' The blue line should retain its smoothness but introduce slight, hand-drawn wavering to suggest a live performance. The red line should be replaced with a chaotic, high-amplitude jagged path (resembling a distorted audio spike) to visually communicate the intensity of 'noise.' This preserves the clarity of the metaphor while injecting the requested energy.",
"nonnegotiable": "The visual metaphor of the single continuous line transitioning from smooth blue to jagged red is the poster's core identity. This duality must remain the dominant visual element and cannot be obscured by excessive text effects or layout fragmentation."
}
```