```json
{
"axis": "visual_concept_imagery",
"real_conflicts": [
"The Typography critic's proposal to apply a 'subtle SVG drop-shadow or blur filter' to the headline is rejected. Blurring the text to simulate a glow will degrade legibility and reinforce the 'digital interface' aesthetic. The text must remain sharp and crisp to maintain the institutional credibility of the museum and contrast with the organic environment.",
"The Composition critic's suggestion to 'shift the title to the upper-left quadrant' is rejected. Moving the title away from the center will disrupt the balanced hierarchy and make the poster feel like a standard web layout rather than a monumental exhibition announcement. The central alignment provides the necessary gravity for the subject matter."
],
"accepted": [
"The Color critic's proposal to replace the solid black background with a 'deep, subtle radial gradient' is accepted. This will add the necessary atmospheric depth and pressure to the void, preventing it from looking like a flat digital file.",
"The Color critic's suggestion to apply a 'Gaussian blur filter' to the cyan and purple strokes is accepted. This will create a volumetric 'bloom' effect, making the light sources appear organic and submerged in water rather than sterile vector lines."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current wireframe sphere is too geometric and 'tech-heavy,' contributing to the sci-fi HUD look. However, I cannot accept the Composition critic's demand to remove it entirely, as the poster currently lacks a central visual anchor. We need a central image, but it must replace the sphere, not leave a void.",
"compromise": "We will replace the abstract wireframe sphere with a high-contrast, macro photograph of a bioluminescent deep-sea organism (such as a siphonophore or anglerfish) or a textured abyssal landscape. This image will be desaturated and dark, allowing the bioluminescence to provide the only light source. This creates a tangible sense of biological mystery and depth, satisfying the brief's demand for 'unfamiliar marine forms' while maintaining the central focal point.",
"nonnegotiable": "The imagery must depict recognizable biological forms or environmental textures. We cannot rely on abstract neon curves and wireframes, as they fail to establish a specific 'deep-sea' identity and undermine the 'Natural History' credibility of the institution."
}
```