```json
{
"axis": "composition_hierarchy",
"real_conflicts": [
"The proposal to replace the abstract neon curves with a macro photograph of a bioluminescent organism (Visual Concept) threatens to destroy the typographic legibility and the clean, scientific hierarchy. A complex, high-contrast biological image will compete with the title, turning the poster into a generic 'nature shot' rather than a deliberate spatial composition.",
"The proposal to apply a Gaussian blur filter to the glowing lines (Color/Atmosphere) risks softening the visual anchors of the design. If the peripheral elements become too diffuse, the composition loses its structural integrity and the 'scientific' precision required by the brief, making the layout feel muddy rather than atmospheric."
],
"accepted": [
"The proposal to shift the headline 'BELOW THE LAST LIGHT' to the upper-left quadrant and the footer to the bottom-right (Composition). This diagonal arrangement is essential to break the static 'poster board' effect and create a dynamic visual path that mimics the sensation of descending into the deep ocean."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current wireframe sphere is a compositional failure; it creates visual interference and clutter behind the text. It must be removed to clear the visual field for the new diagonal layout.",
"compromise": "We will execute the diagonal shift (Title Top-Left, Footer Bottom-Right) to establish the 'descent' narrative. To satisfy the need for biological mystery without sacrificing legibility, we will use the macro photograph as a heavily desaturated, low-opacity texture in the background, overlaid with the sharp, glowing vector lines to maintain the 'scientific' aesthetic. The lines will retain their sharpness to guide the eye, but the background texture will provide the organic depth.",
"nonnegotiable": "The typographic hierarchy must remain the dominant focal point. The text must be legible from a distance and free from visual interference (like the wireframe sphere) to ensure the poster functions as a clear invitation before it functions as an atmospheric image."
}
```