```json
{
"axis": "visual_system_craft",
"real_conflicts": [
"The proposal to 'replace rigid concentric circles with a distorted mesh' (from Expressiveness) risks introducing visual chaos that undermines the precision of the layout. While 'fragmented perception' is the theme, the execution must remain controlled; a messy mesh could bleed into the text area, violating the mandate for 'polished execution' and 'clean typography.'",
"The proposal to 'group the Reserve Tickets button directly below the dates' (from Brief Intent) creates a dense, cluttered block of information. While it aids scanning, it destroys the 'atmospheric negative space' and 'spatial tension' required by the brief. It reduces the design to a standard corporate form, violating the mandate to avoid a 'conventional corporate layout.'"
],
"accepted": [
"The proposal to 'increase the opacity and weight of the artist's name' (from Clarity Hierarchy) is fully accepted. The current yellow-on-white overlap is a technical failure of contrast and legibility. The artist's name must be distinct from the title to satisfy the 'identifiable within seconds' requirement.",
"The proposal to 'reduce the opacity of the MEMORY DATA CORRUPTED text' (from Clarity Hierarchy) is accepted. This decorative element must be visually subordinate to the primary information hierarchy."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current placement of the artist's name is a critical error in the visual system. I will abandon the attempt to integrate it as a 'glitch' overlay on the title, as it fails the legibility test.",
"compromise": "I will implement the 'radial gradient' background (from Expressiveness) to add depth, but I will strictly limit the 'distortion' of the artwork to the SVG container itself, ensuring the geometric lines remain crisp and do not bleed into the text columns. Regarding the layout, I will move the artist's name to a distinct line above the title with high contrast, but I will keep the 'Reserve Tickets' button in the bottom right to preserve the 'spatial tension' and 'expressive composition,' provided the visual weight of the button is increased to anchor that corner.",
"nonnegotiable": "The artist's name must be separated from the exhibition title with sufficient color contrast and spacing to be instantly legible, regardless of the 'glitch' aesthetic."
}
```