{
  "revision": "1. STRUCTURE & GRID: Implement a strict 3-column grid (Sunset, Neon, Moonlight) with solid, low-opacity horizontal lines extending full-width to anchor time slots, and visible vertical dividers that extend through the entire schedule, including the headliner section, to maintain structural integrity. 2. HEADLINER INTEGRATION: Place the headliner within its specific stage column (e.g., Sunset) rather than a full-width banner. Achieve visual dominance through high-contrast glowing backgrounds, significantly larger expressive typography, and increased internal padding, ensuring it stands out without breaking the columnar scan path. 3. VISUAL IDENTITY: Replace generic flat gradients with textured, glowing gradients specific to each stage's genre vibe. Use dynamic, expressive typography for artist names to convey energy, while keeping the card shapes consistent to ensure systematic clarity. 4. SCANNABILITY: Ensure time labels are clearly associated with rows via the horizontal grid lines, allowing users to easily compare performances across stages at a glance.",
  "protected_strengths": [
    "Distinct color-coding of stage headers (Sunset/Orange, Neon/Green, Moonlight/Blue) for rapid scanning",
    "Vertical columnar grouping by stage for easy timeline tracking",
    "Chronological alignment allowing easy time comparison across stages"
  ],
  "resolved_conflicts": [
    "Headliner Dominance vs. Grid Integrity: Resolved by keeping the headliner within its stage column but amplifying its visual weight (size, glow, contrast) rather than breaking the grid with a full-width banner.",
    "Energetic Expression vs. Systematic Clarity: Resolved by applying expressive typography and glowing textures to a rigid, consistent card structure, avoiding fragmented card styles while rejecting generic SaaS aesthetics.",
    "Visual Anchors vs. Cognitive Load: Resolved by replacing faint dots with solid horizontal lines and integrating time labels into the grid structure to reduce mental reconstruction effort."
  ],
  "rationale": "This plan prioritizes the Information Architect's need for a coherent scan path and the Production Reviewer's demand for structural integrity by enforcing a strict grid. It satisfies the Art Director's call for energy and the Editorial Director's need for emphasis by using typographic scale and color intensity within that grid, rather than breaking the layout. This avoids the 'generic template' trap while ensuring the schedule remains functional and easy to read."
}