```json
{
"axis": "brief_intent",
"real_conflicts": [
"The proposal to 'Replace the individual floating cards with a unified Time Row system' (Visual System Craft) risks creating a dense, spreadsheet-like aesthetic that conflicts with the brief's requirement for 'energetic color' and 'expressive typography.' While it improves scanning, it may strip away the 'festival identity' by making the schedule look like a corporate timetable rather than a curated event.",
"The proposal to 'Apply a subtle, genre-specific color accent' (Expressiveness) to every card could lead to visual fragmentation. The brief explicitly warns that differentiation must not 'fragment the schedule into unrelated card styles.' Adding unique colors to every single slot might clutter the grid and make the 'highly coherent schedule system' harder to read at a glance."
],
"accepted": [
"The proposal to 'Replace the faint vertical lines with distinct, solid background color bands' (Clarity Hierarchy). This is the most effective way to solve the 'floating' issue while maintaining the 'energetic' requirement. It anchors the columns visually without relying on weak lines, ensuring the 'coherent schedule system' is robust.",
"The proposal to 'Restrict the Eclipse Architects banner to a single column' (My Verdict). This is the only way to satisfy the requirement for a 'complete timetable' and 'easy to scan' chronological comparison. The current full-width banner is a functional failure."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current 'floating card' design is too weak to support the schedule's readability. I agree that the visual connection between the time slot and the stage column needs to be significantly strengthened, even if it means moving away from the current airy, disconnected look.",
"compromise": "We will implement the 'Time Row' concept but keep the 'Card' aesthetic. We will use the 'solid background color bands' (from Clarity Hierarchy) to define the columns, and within those columns, we will keep the artist cards distinct but aligned. For the 7:00 PM slot, we will split the full-width banner into three distinct cards: the center card (Neon Stage) will be the large, dominant 'Eclipse Architects' headliner, while the side cards (Sunset/Moonlight) will be smaller, standard cards for supporting acts. This preserves the 'visually dominant headliner' while restoring the 'coherent schedule system.'",
"nonnegotiable": "The schedule must display a complete 3x4 grid (or similar) where every time slot has a visible entry for every stage. The 7:00 PM slot cannot be a single full-width banner that obscures the other stages; the grid structure must remain intact to allow for chronological comparison."
}
```