```json
{
"axis": "clarity_hierarchy",
"real_conflicts": [
"The proposal to replace the central artwork with a 'distorted mesh' or 'blurred organic shape' (from the Expressiveness verdict) risks creating visual noise that competes with the low-contrast artist name. If the background becomes too busy, the already difficult-to-read 'ELARA VANCE' will become completely illegible, violating the mandate for immediate identification.",
"The proposal to move the 'Reserve Tickets' button to the bottom left (from the Brief Intent verdict) creates a conflict with the current visual balance. The current layout uses the right side as a visual anchor; moving the heavy white button to the left might crowd the text-heavy column, disrupting the 'spatial tension' required by the brief."
],
"accepted": [
"The proposal to group the 'Opening Hours' with the 'Dates' and 'Location' on the left side. This is fully compatible with my mandate as it creates a single, coherent column of essential information, ensuring the user doesn't have to scan the entire viewport to find practical details.",
"The proposal to increase the opacity and weight of the artist's name. This is essential for the hierarchy to function."
],
"concession": "I can concede that the 'MEMORY DATA CORRUPTED' text inside the artwork is too legible and acts as a false headline. It must be visually subordinated to prevent it from hijacking the user's attention from the actual exhibition title.",
"compromise": "We will group the 'Opening Hours' with the other logistical details on the left column to satisfy the reading order. However, we will keep the 'Reserve Tickets' button on the bottom right to maintain the visual balance of the page. To solve the artist name legibility without moving it (which disrupts the title composition), we will increase its font weight and add a subtle dark drop-shadow or background mask, ensuring it pops against the white title text without needing a drastic layout shift.",
"nonnegotiable": "The artist's name ('ELARA VANCE') must be immediately legible and distinct from the background noise and the main title. It cannot be hidden in low-contrast yellow text overlaid on white."
}
```