```json
{
"axis": "color_atmosphere_craft",
"real_conflicts": [
"The proposal to 'shift the title block to the left or right third' (Composition) is rejected because the current central alignment is the only way to anchor the composition against the radial lighting. Moving the text would expose the flat, gradient-heavy background without a focal point, emphasizing the lack of texture.",
"The proposal to 'replace the heavy sans-serif with a tall, condensed typeface' (Typography) is rejected because the current geometric font provides the necessary structural rigidity to contrast with the soft, blurred background. Changing the font now would not solve the issue of the text appearing to float in a vacuum; the lighting model must be fixed first."
],
"accepted": [
"The proposal to 'replace the abstract grey gradient with a deep, textured abyssal blue-black background' (Visual Concept) is accepted. The current grey scale is the primary failure of the atmosphere; it reads as a default software interface rather than a deep-sea environment. A deep blue-black is essential to establish the 'void'."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current 'glowing white fill' on the text is too aggressive and creates a 'light pollution' effect that flattens the hierarchy. The text needs to recede slightly into the atmosphere rather than shining like a neon sign.",
"compromise": "We will invert the lighting logic to create a dark 'void' in the center (as per my original critique) and apply a deep blue-black texture (from Visual Concept). The text will remain centered but will lose its heavy outer glow, relying instead on the contrast of the dark background to remain legible, creating a sense of emerging from the darkness rather than shining on top of it.",
"nonnegotiable": "The bioluminescent elements must be rendered with a combination of sharp, semi-transparent cores and subtle outer glows. The current heavy Gaussian blurs are unacceptable as they look like generic drop-shadows and lack the production-level finish required for a museum exhibition."
}
```