{
"revision": "1. CRITICAL DATA INTEGRITY: Add the missing third district ('South Pier') to the 'High-Risk Districts' section to satisfy the brief's requirement for three named areas. 2. CRITICAL LEGIBILITY FIX: Reposition the 'HIGH FLOOD RISK WINDOW' label in the rainfall chart to the top-left corner of the shaded flood-risk zone (above the April bar), ensuring it sits in clear whitespace with no overlap with the June/July bars or their value labels (290/277). Style this label in a darker teal to visually link it to the 'higher risk' data encoding without compromising contrast. 3. VISUAL NARRATIVE UPGRADE: Replace the generic clip-art icons in the three KPI cards with custom, compact inline SVGs that evoke specific coastal threats (e.g., a stylized wave crest for sea-level, a heavy rain cloud for rainfall). 4. SUBTLE ATMOSPHERIC CONTEXT: Apply a very low-contrast, static wave pattern or texture to the page background *outside* the white cards only. Do not apply gradients or textures to the cards or chart plotting areas to preserve data clarity and the 5-second scan path.",
"protected_strengths": [
"The strong typographic hierarchy and color-coded KPI cards (red/teal/blue) that deliver the '5-second conclusion' effectively.",
"The clear visual distinction between the '1990-2010' (dashed) and '2035' (solid) temperature lines in the trend chart.",
"The clean separation of 'High-Risk Districts' and 'Recommended Actions' in the footer row, maintaining a logical scan path."
],
"resolved_conflicts": [
"Art Director's desire for a 'water motif' vs. Information Architect/Production's need for clean data zones: Resolved by restricting the coastal motif to the page background outside the cards and using specific SVG icons in the KPIs, keeping chart areas pristine.",
"Production's demand for a standard label position vs. Art Director's need for narrative tension: Resolved by placing the label in the top-left of the shaded zone (standard safe position) but styling it in the data's teal color to create a visual link to the risk period.",
"Editorial's concern about decorative noise vs. Art Director's rejection of 'generic dashboard' look: Resolved by upgrading icons to evocative SVGs and adding subtle background texture, avoiding heavy gradients that would dilute the data emphasis."
],
"rationale": "The revision prioritizes the hard failures (missing district, illegible label) first, as these violate the core brief and technical contract. It then integrates the Art Director's narrative goals by upgrading icons and adding subtle background texture, but strictly contains these elements to non-data zones to respect the Information Architect's and Production Reviewer's mandates for clarity, consistency, and boundary safety. This creates a polished editorial feel without sacrificing the precise data encoding required for the 5-second comprehension goal."
}