```json
{
"axis": "typography_integration",
"real_conflicts": [
"The proposal to 'remove the wireframe sphere' (Composition Verdict) is rejected because the sphere acts as a crucial typographic mask. Removing it would leave the headline floating in a void, stripping the text of the 'scientific curiosity' and structural context required by the brief. The text needs the grid to anchor it as a 'discovery' rather than just a label.",
"The proposal to 'shift the title to the upper-left' (Composition Verdict) is rejected because it destroys the monumental scale of the headline. The brief demands the poster be 'visually compelling at a distance'; a massive, centered typographic block is the only way to achieve that impact. Moving it to a corner reduces the title to a mere caption, weakening the 'voice' of the exhibition."
],
"accepted": [
"The proposal to 'apply a Gaussian blur filter' to the bioluminescent elements (Color Verdict) is accepted. This creates the necessary volumetric light scattering in the water, which provides the physical environment the typography needs to interact with.",
"The proposal to 'shift the fill color to a cool, translucent blue-grey' (My Verdict) is accepted to harmonize the text with the new lighting logic."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current flat grey color of the text is too sterile and needs to be integrated into the lighting logic of the scene. I will allow the text to lose some of its 'flat' opacity to gain atmospheric depth.",
"compromise": "We will keep the wireframe sphere and the centered layout, but we will apply a 'multiply' or 'screen' blending mode to the text so it interacts with the wireframe lines behind it. The text will gain a subtle, cool blue-grey translucency and a faint outer glow (matching the accepted Gaussian blur proposal) to make it appear as if it is illuminated from within the deep-sea environment, rather than sitting on top of it.",
"nonnegotiable": "The headline 'BELOW THE LAST LIGHT' must remain the dominant, central visual anchor of the composition. It cannot be reduced in scale or moved to the periphery."
}
```