PRIORITIZED CHANGES:
1. Structural Clarity & Density: Replace individual semi-transparent artist cards with a clean, open grid layout to reduce visual noise. Add explicit end times to all performance slots (e.g., '12:00 - 1:00 PM') to ensure complete schedule utility. 2. Unified Visual System: Standardize stage headers to a single, high-contrast color (e.g., white or primary brand color) to establish clear columnar structure. Unify genre text to a single, legible secondary tone to prevent arbitrary color fragmentation. 3. Expressive Differentiation: Introduce subtle, genre-aligned vertical accents (e.g., thin left-border bars or subtle background tints) for each artist row, mapped to their specific stage’s color palette. This provides rhythmic variety and genre connection without breaking the grid’s scanability. 4. Hierarchy & Legibility: Ensure the Headliner remains the dominant focal point via full-width, high-contrast treatment. Boost contrast and weight of footer logistics (venue, tickets) to ensure they are compact but fully legible against the dark background.
PROTECT:
["The strong visual hierarchy of the Headliner as the primary focal point.", "The clear chronological alignment and columnar separation of the three stages.", "The expressive typographic identity and energetic color palette of the festival brand."]
RESOLVED CONFLICTS:
["Conflict: 'Card fatigue' (Simplicity) vs. 'Monotonous flatness' (Variety). Resolution: Remove heavy card containers to achieve simplicity, but introduce lightweight, genre-specific vertical accents to maintain visual rhythm and differentiation.", "Conflict: 'Rainbow fragmentation' (Unity) vs. 'Genre connection' (Variety). Resolution: Unify stage headers and genre text colors for system consistency, while using subtle, stage-mapped accents on individual rows to provide meaningful differentiation without visual chaos.", "Conflict: 'Hidden info' (Completeness) vs. 'Cleanliness' (Simplicity). Resolution: Add end times and boost footer contrast to ensure critical data is visible, relying on the open grid structure to prevent this added density from feeling cluttered."]