{
"revision": "1. Reduce schedule density to 8-10 total slots (including headliner) by consolidating time blocks and limiting concurrent acts per stage to ensure high scannability and adherence to the brief. 2. Unify stage identification by removing redundant colored dots next to artist names, relying solely on the left-aligned vertical bars which must be perfectly aligned with the time column and artist text. 3. Enhance legibility of stage subtitles in the legend by increasing font weight and brightness to solid white or 80% opacity grey, ensuring text-based reading order is not compromised by low contrast. 4. Inject genre-specific personality by applying subtle typographic variations (e.g., condensed or italic weights) to artist names and adding minimal, non-intrusive iconography (e.g., waveform, leaf) that does not disrupt the grid alignment, moving away from a generic data-table aesthetic.",
"protected_strengths": [
"The full-width, gold-bordered headliner row that provides immediate visual dominance without breaking the grid structure.",
"The clear three-column grid layout with distinct color-coding for the three stages (Solstice, Aurora, Meridian).",
"The prominent placement of the 'Get Tickets' action and the clear chronological alignment of the timetable."
],
"resolved_conflicts": [
"Conflict: The Expressiveness mandate requests genre-specific visual differentiation, while the Visual System mandate warns against clutter and fragmentation. Resolution: Use subtle typographic variations and minimal iconography that align strictly with the existing grid, avoiding new card styles or heavy textures that would disrupt the systematic layout.",
"Conflict: The Clarity mandate requires legible stage names, while the current design uses low-contrast text to maintain a 'dark mode' aesthetic. Resolution: Prioritize legibility by brightening the stage subtitles, as the color-coded bars already provide the primary visual cue, making the text a secondary but necessary confirmation layer.",
"Conflict: The Brief requires 8-10 performances, but the current design has 23, creating a density that harms the Clarity mandate. Resolution: Strictly reduce the row count to the specified range, accepting a less 'full' visual grid in favor of the required 'easy to scan' and 'compact' constraints."
],
"rationale": "The revision prioritizes the Brief's hard constraint on performance count (8-10) as the foundation for Clarity, since the current 23-slot density violates the 'easy to scan' requirement. It then integrates Visual System and Expressiveness mandates by cleaning up redundant elements (dots) to improve craft, while using subtle typographic/iconographic cues to satisfy the need for genre personality without fragmenting the coherent schedule system."
}