{
  "axis": "typography_integration",
  "real_conflicts": [
    "The proposal to add a 'soft, warm radial glow' behind the bottom text block (from color_atmosphere_craft) risks creating a visual 'spotlight' that competes with the central fire. This could fragment the composition into two focal points, weakening the unified vertical narrative that the typography is meant to anchor."
  ],
  "accepted": [
    "The proposal to increase the vertical spacing (line-height) between the instructional lines (from composition_hierarchy) is essential. The current tight stacking makes the text feel like a footnote rather than a command. Spacing is a typographic tool that creates urgency and clarity.",
    "The proposal to move the 'National Forest Safety Initiative' text up to ensure visibility (from composition_hierarchy) is a necessary correction for the critical readability failure at the bottom edge."
  ],
  "concession": "I concede that the current 'flat black' foreground is a typographic enemy. While I prefer the text to be integrated via weight and scale, I accept that a subtle background shift (as suggested by color_atmosphere_craft) is a valid technical fix to ensure the 'National Forest Safety Initiative' line is legible, provided it doesn't become a decorative element.",
  "compromise": "Instead of a 'glow' or a 'background shape' behind the text, we will use typographic hierarchy to solve the legibility issue. We will increase the font size of the three instructional lines by 20% and set them in a medium weight. We will then set the 'National Forest Safety Initiative' line in a smaller, all-caps, wide-tracked font, positioned with a clear margin from the bottom edge. This creates a 'footer' hierarchy that is distinct from the main message but fully integrated into the dark foreground without needing artificial lighting effects.",
  "nonnegotiable": "The headline 'ONE SPARK IS ENOUGH' must remain the dominant typographic element. Its scale and weight must be preserved to ensure the poster's message is instantly readable from a distance, as required by the brief."
}