PRIORITIZED CHANGES:
1. Imagery & Atmosphere: Replace the flat, geometric road and jagged silhouettes with a textured, cinematic composition. Render the road using a radial gradient with subtle noise to simulate atmospheric depth and mist, avoiding sterile digital smoothness. Transform the side silhouettes into faint, semi-transparent, sketch-style outlines of houses that fade into the fog, creating a visual metaphor for 'memory' and 'disappearance' while grounding the scene in the film's specific subject. Apply a subtle vignette to deepen contrast and focus attention on the vanishing point.

2. Composition & Hierarchy: Break the rigid vertical symmetry to create dynamic tension. Keep the title 'WHERE THE HOUSES END' anchored at the top but integrate it into the image space rather than isolating it in a detached header block. Move the tagline 'Some places disappear twice' to the right side, aligning it with the right-hand silhouette to balance visual weight. Shift the director credit 'A film by Mara Venn' slightly off-center to the left. This arrangement creates a diagonal visual path (Z-pattern) that guides the eye from the title, through the tagline, down to the credits, mimicking the perspective lines of the road.

3. Typography & Integration: Set the headline in a serif typeface with normal tracking (rejecting excessive spacing) to ensure readability and warmth. Instead of using glow effects or simple overlays, apply a noise/grunge mask to the title text so the faint wireframe texture of the background bleeds through the letters. This integrates the text with the 'disappearing' theme without sacrificing legibility. Increase the size and weight of the tagline to ensure it balances the composition when moved to the right. Maintain strict contrast hierarchy: the title remains the dominant white element, while credits are desaturated to a muted slate.

4. Color & Craft: Maintain the melancholic, desaturated blue-grey palette but enhance it with tonal variation. Use the noise texture and vignette to create a 'production-level' finish that feels like film grain rather than a vector draft. Ensure the text hierarchy is driven by weight and contrast rather than artificial lighting effects (no drop shadows or glows).
PROTECT:
["The strong central perspective of the road leading to the vanishing point, which effectively conveys distance and journey.", "The moody, desaturated color palette that establishes the required cinematic and melancholic atmosphere.", "The concept of an empty road and fading environment as the primary emotional anchor."]
RESOLVED CONFLICTS:
["Conflict: Title placement (Header vs. Overlay). Resolution: Integrate title into the image space using a noise mask to allow background texture to bleed through, avoiding both the detachment of a header block and the illegibility of a plain overlay.", "Conflict: Silhouette style (Wireframe vs. Solid). Resolution: Use faint, sketch-style outlines with low opacity to suggest 'memory' and 'ghostly' presence, avoiding the technical look of wireframes and the generic look of solid shapes.", "Conflict: Layout Symmetry (Centered vs. Dynamic). Resolution: Break vertical symmetry by offsetting the tagline (right) and credits (left) to create diagonal tension, while keeping the title centered at the top to maintain anchor stability.", "Conflict: Text Effects (Glow vs. Flat). Resolution: Reject artificial glows/drop shadows as 'cheap'; instead, use texture integration (noise mask) and strict contrast hierarchy to achieve depth and legibility."]