{
  "axis": "expressiveness",
  "real_conflicts": [
    "The proposal to move the 'Reserve Tickets' button to the bottom left (Brief Intent) creates a 'dead zone' for the primary action. In a layout dominated by a large visual anchor on the right, placing the CTA in the bottom-left corner creates a disjointed 'Z-pattern' that feels like a footer utility rather than a compelling invitation. This reduces the 'memorable focal decision' required for a high-impact landing page.",
    "The proposal to increase the opacity of the artist's name to match the title (Clarity Hierarchy) risks creating a 'double headline' effect. If the artist's name is too heavy, it fights the exhibition title for dominance, cluttering the typographic hierarchy and reducing the 'meaningful contrast' between the event and the creator."
  ],
  "accepted": [
    "The proposal to replace the flat black background with a subtle radial gradient (deep charcoal to black) to create a vignette effect. This adds the necessary atmospheric depth and 'emotional weight' without compromising the legibility of the text.",
    "The proposal to transform the central artwork SVG from rigid concentric circles to a 'distorted' mesh or blurred organic shape. This directly addresses the 'fragmented perception' theme and moves the visual identity away from a sterile 'corporate tech' look."
  ],
  "concession": "I concede that the current placement of the artist's name (overlapping the title) is a failure of visual craft. While I prefer the name to be distinct, I agree it must be separated from the title text to ensure it is 'identifiable within a few seconds' as mandated.",
  "compromise": "We will keep the 'Reserve Tickets' button in the bottom right to maintain a strong visual anchor that balances the artwork, but we will increase its visual weight (e.g., a solid white block with black text) to ensure it acts as a distinct focal point rather than just a footer element. For the artist's name, we will move it to a line above the title with a smaller, distinct typographic weight (e.g., small caps, wide tracking) rather than making it a heavy headline, preserving the hierarchy while ensuring legibility.",
  "nonnegotiable": "The central artwork area must be transformed from a static, geometric wireframe into an organic, textured, or distorted visual form. The current 'blueprint' aesthetic is too sterile and fails to convey the 'immersive, experimental' nature of the exhibition."
}