{
  "revision": "1. STRUCTURE & ALIGNMENT (Priority 1): Implement a unified CSS Grid layout where the three product cards are bound by 16px gaps and subtle vertical dividers (1px, 20% opacity) to form a single comparison table. Crucially, extract 'Battery Life' and 'Drivers' from the generic feature lists and place them in a dedicated, rigid horizontal row at the bottom of each card (above the CTA). Ensure these rows align perfectly across all three cards to enable instant side-by-side scanning. Retain the background grid lines but anchor them to this new data row to reinforce the 'disciplined system' without cluttering the upper visual identity.\n\n2. VISUAL IDENTITY & EXPRESSIVENESS (Priority 2): Replace the generic 'color-swap' headphone illustrations with distinct SVG paths that reflect physical differences: 'Air' should have thinner, lighter arches; 'Studio' should appear robust and technical; 'Nocturne' should feature larger, cushioned ear cups. Maintain the distinct color coding (Cyan, Gold, Purple) for each product to preserve brand personality.\n\n3. FOCAL POINT & HIERARCHY (Priority 3): Establish the 'Studio' model as the recommended focal point using scale (slightly larger card/illustration) and a subtle glow effect or elevation, rather than just a border. Ensure this emphasis does not break the horizontal alignment of the data rows. Keep the 'Air' and 'Nocturne' cards visually complete and premium, avoiding any 'unfinished' appearance.\n\n4. CONTENT & CRAFT (Priority 4): Ensure the brand name 'Auralith' and positioning statement are prominent at the top. Include product names, prices, three concise features (excluding the extracted specs), color options, and a clear 'Shop' button for each. Maintain a clean, dark-mode aesthetic with high-contrast typography for legibility.",
  "protected_strengths": [
    "Distinct color coding (Cyan, Gold, Purple) for product identity",
    "Clear visual separation and premium dark-mode aesthetic",
    "Legible typography hierarchy",
    "Effective use of 'Recommended' badge concept (to be enhanced)"
  ],
  "resolved_conflicts": [
    "Conflict: Rigid grid alignment vs. Distinct product identities. Resolution: Use a 'Hybrid Grid' where the bottom data rows (Battery/Drivers) are strictly aligned for comparison, while the upper sections (illustrations/features) retain distinct visual weights and SVG paths to express product personality.",
    "Conflict: Removing grid lines for clarity vs. Keeping them for structure. Resolution: Retain background grid lines but anchor them to the extracted data rows, making them functional structural guides rather than decorative noise.",
    "Conflict: Modifying SVG paths vs. Maintaining visual baseline. Resolution: Modify SVG paths to reflect physical differences (thickness/size) but constrain the overall bounding box height of the illustrations to ensure the text below remains horizontally aligned across cards.",
    "Conflict: Floating cards vs. Connected table. Resolution: Reduce gaps to 16px and add vertical dividers to visually bind the cards into a unified comparison system, satisfying the 'disciplined comparison' mandate."
  ],
  "rationale": "This brief prioritizes the 'Disciplined Comparison System' (Brief Intent/Clarity) by enforcing horizontal alignment of key specs, which is the core functional requirement. It resolves the tension between unity and distinctiveness by separating the 'data layer' (rigid grid) from the 'identity layer' (distinct SVGs/colors). It preserves the premium aesthetic (Visual System) while ensuring the recommended product stands out through scale and effect rather than breaking the grid (Expressiveness)."
}