{
"axis": "composition_hierarchy",
"real_conflicts": [
  "The proposal to compress the waveform to the right 60% of the canvas directly contradicts the current visual evidence and weakens the composition. The waveform currently spans the full width, acting as a unifying horizontal baseline that connects the left-aligned text to the right-side negative space. Compressing it would isolate the text block, creating a 'two-column' layout that feels disjointed and fails to convey the 'unified poster composition' required by the brief.",
  "The proposal to shift the text block to the right to overlap the waveform is dangerous for readability. The text is already dense; pushing it into the high-frequency 'noise' of the waveform would create visual chaos, making the performer names and date information difficult to read, which violates the requirement that 'All performer names must remain readable.'"
],
"accepted": [
  "The critique that the waveform creates a 'wall' of visual noise is valid. The uniform density of the wave across the entire width does compete with the typography. However, the solution is not to remove it, but to modulate it.",
  "The observation that the diagonal red line does not anchor a focal point is correct. It currently floats as a decorative slash. It needs to be integrated into the hierarchy as a structural element."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current even distribution of the waveform is too static and 'tidy.' It lacks the dynamic tension of 'syncopation.' The visual path is indeed interrupted by the uniform density, and the composition needs more deliberate negative space to breathe.",
"compromise": "Instead of compressing the waveform to the right, we should modulate its amplitude. The waveform should be low-amplitude (quiet) behind the text block on the left, allowing the typography to dominate, and then spike in amplitude (loud) as it moves to the right, creating a crescendo that leads the eye across the poster. This preserves the full-width unity while creating the necessary negative space and focal hierarchy. The red diagonal line should be extended to intersect the waveform's highest peak on the right, anchoring the visual climax.",
"nonnegotiable": "The waveform must remain a continuous, full-width element to maintain the 'unified poster composition' and prevent the layout from devolving into a standard two-column informational grid."
}