```json
{
"visible_observation": "The poster features a dark, monochromatic blue-grey composition. The background consists of low-poly, geometric silhouettes of houses that fade into a foggy horizon. A road with a dashed center line leads from the bottom center toward a tiny, solitary figure standing in the distance. The title 'WHERE THE HOUSES END' is centered at the top in a serif font, with the tagline 'Some places disappear twice' below it. Credits are stacked at the bottom center.",
"critique": "The design suffers from a 'digital void' aesthetic that feels more like a generic video game loading screen or a tech startup background than a cinematic film poster. The low-poly house shapes are too geometric and artificial, breaking the emotional immersion required for a story about memory and loss. The composition is overly symmetrical and static, lacking the tension or 'grain' of a real place. The typography is passive; the title floats in the negative space without interacting with the environment, and the tagline is too small to be legible at a glance.",
"revision": "Replace the low-poly vector shapes with a textured, atmospheric image or a painterly illustration that suggests a physical, decaying coastal town—use grain, fog, or light leaks to evoke memory. Shift the composition to a rule-of-thirds layout: place the road and figure slightly off-center to create visual tension. Increase the scale of the title 'WHERE THE HOUSES END' significantly, perhaps allowing the text to interact with the horizon line or the fading houses. Introduce a subtle color accent (like a pale, sickly yellow or a deep bruised purple) to break the monochromatic sterility and add emotional weight.",
"protected_strength": "The core metaphor of the solitary figure on a road leading into fading silhouettes is strong and should be kept. The title choice and the tagline 'Some places disappear twice' are excellent and capture the brief perfectly.",
"tradeoff": "Prioritize atmospheric texture and emotional resonance over clean, geometric minimalism. The design must sacrifice 'tidiness' to gain the feeling of a lived-in, disappearing world."
}
```