{
"revision": "1. DATA COMPLETENESS (Priority 1): Extend the x-axis of the monthly temperature line chart to include 'Dec' and the rainfall bar chart to include 'Nov' and 'Dec' to ensure a full 12-month narrative. Add a third named district, 'South Pier', to the 'High-Risk Districts' section to meet the explicit requirement of three districts. 2. VISUAL HIERARCHY & FOCAL POINT (Priority 2): Transform the 'High-Risk Districts' section from a passive text list into a high-contrast 'alert' block with a distinct border and larger typography to serve as a visual focal point. Differentiate the three top headline indicator cards by applying subtle, unique background tints (pale red for temperature, pale blue for rainfall, pale grey-blue for sea level) to break 'card fatigue' and enhance categorical distinction. 3. LEGIBILITY & CONTRAST (Priority 3): Relocate the 'HIGH FLOOD RISK WINDOW' label from the top of the dark green bars to the empty white space above the chart (approx. y=440) or vertically to the side, eliminating the poor contrast collision with the data bars. 4. SYSTEM CONSISTENCY (Priority 4): Unify the rainfall chart's color logic with the temperature chart. Replace the clashing pink background and dual-teal bars with a single consistent teal for all bars. Indicate the flood risk period using a subtle neutral grey background band or a simple red outline, aligning with the established red accent color for risk/temperature.",
"protected_strengths": [
"The clear visual hierarchy and immediate impact of the three large headline indicators (+1.8°C, +30%, +0.45m).",
"The effective use of color coding (red for heat, teal for rain, blue for sea) to reinforce the 'hotter, wetter, rising' narrative.",
"The clean, three-column grid layout and high-contrast typography for the headline indicators.",
"The effective use of dashed vs. solid lines in the temperature trend chart to distinguish historical vs. projected data."
],
"resolved_conflicts": [
"Completeness vs. Simplicity: Adding the third district and missing months increases density; resolved by integrating them into existing grid structures without expanding the canvas, maintaining the 1280x800 constraint while ensuring data integrity.",
"Unity vs. Variety: The uniform white cards (Unity) conflicted with the need for focal distinction (Variety); resolved by using subtle background tints to differentiate categories while maintaining the overall grid rhythm and palette restraint.",
"Legibility vs. Data Encoding: The red label over green bars (Legibility issue) conflicted with the need to highlight risk (Data Encoding); resolved by moving the label to negative space and using a red outline/band for the risk period, which aligns with the system's red=risk convention."
],
"rationale": "The revision prioritizes data completeness first, as missing months and districts are factual errors that undermine the infographic's credibility. It then addresses visual hierarchy and legibility to ensure the 'five-second conclusion' is achieved without cognitive strain. Finally, it enforces system consistency to unify the visual language, ensuring the design feels like a cohesive editorial piece rather than a disjointed dashboard. All changes respect the fixed 1280x800 technical contract."
}