```json
{
"axis": "visual_concept_imagery",
"real_conflicts": [
"The proposal to replace the geometric silhouettes with a 'textured, atmospheric treatment' or 'double-exposure' risks destroying the poster's unique conceptual clarity. The current flat, icon-like aesthetic is not merely a lack of detail; it is a deliberate visual metaphor for how memory functions—reducing complex, lived-in spaces to simplified, two-dimensional symbols. Adding realistic texture or 'fog' would ground the image in a specific physical reality, which contradicts the brief's focus on the abstract, psychological nature of a 'disappearing' place. The 'stock illustration' critique is valid, but the solution is not to make it look like a photograph; it is to make the abstraction feel intentional and haunting, not accidental."
],
"accepted": [
"The critique that the current imagery is 'too literal' and 'cold' is accepted. The houses currently look like generic clip-art rather than a specific, emotional memory. The visual language needs to evolve from 'vector diagram' to 'evocative symbol' to support the film's themes of loss and uncertainty."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current rendering is too sterile and lacks the 'cinematic' weight required by the brief. The 'fading' effect achieved through simple opacity is too technical and lacks emotional resonance. The imagery needs to feel less like a UI element and more like a memory fragment.",
"compromise": "Instead of abandoning the geometric style for a textured one, we should elevate the abstraction. We will keep the flat silhouettes but introduce 'visual erosion'—using grain, noise, or a 'glitch' effect to make the edges of the houses and the road appear to be dissolving or degrading. This preserves the symbolic, icon-like nature of the memory while adding the atmospheric texture and sense of decay requested by the other critics, without resorting to generic stock photography or double-exposure clichés.",
"nonnegotiable": "The central perspective of the road leading into the distance is the poster's strongest compositional element. It effectively creates a sense of journey and isolation. This vanishing point must be preserved to anchor the composition."
}
```