{
"axis": "composition_hierarchy",
"real_conflicts": [
  "The proposal to add a 'soft, diffuse glow (radial gradient) behind each organism' to ground them in the scene directly conflicts with the mandate for focal dominance. The current composition relies on the high-contrast, sharp bioluminescence of the jellyfish and anglerfish to act as the primary visual anchors in the lower-right. Adding diffuse glows will dilute this contrast, causing the creatures to visually merge with the background and reducing their ability to pull the viewer's eye into the lower half of the poster.",
  "The proposal to apply a 'vertical gradient to the headline text' fading to transparent at the bottom is a compositional error. The title 'BELOW THE LAST LIGHT' is the primary anchor in the upper-left quadrant. Fading its bottom edge would weaken its visual weight, causing it to lose its dominance over the upper field and failing to counterbalance the heavy visual mass of the creatures in the lower-right."
],
"accepted": [
  "The proposal to 'introduce a subtle, large-scale bioluminescent element... in the bottom-left to bridge the gap' is accepted. This directly addresses the 'dead' bottom-left corner identified in my critique and helps establish a unified triangular composition that guides the eye from the title down to the creatures.",
  "The proposal to 'add subtle, low-opacity light rays or particle trails that connect them' is accepted, provided these elements are directional and do not create a cluttered 'sticker' effect. This helps establish the spatial logic between the isolated creatures."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current creatures, while strong focal points, do lack sufficient environmental integration to feel like a 'unified world' rather than isolated icons. I accept that the 'floating' quality is a weakness, but I reject the solution of adding heavy glows which would compromise the necessary contrast for a dark, deep-sea atmosphere.",
"compromise": "Instead of adding diffuse glows behind the creatures, we will use the 'particle trails' suggested by the visual concept critic to create a visual bridge. We will extend the faint, vertical light rays from the top down through the creatures, and add a sparse, low-opacity trail of particles connecting the jellyfish to the anglerfish. This maintains the high-contrast focal dominance of the creatures while providing the 'shared ecosystem' logic needed to unify the composition without muddying the atmosphere.",
"nonnegotiable": "The high-contrast, sharp bioluminescence of the jellyfish and anglerfish must remain the primary visual anchors in the lower-right quadrant. They must remain distinct from the background to ensure the poster reads clearly at a distance and maintains the 'mystery' of the deep."
}