{
  "revision": "1. GRID STRUCTURE & ALIGNMENT: Implement a strict 4-column grid (Time Axis + 3 Stages). Place time labels in the dedicated leftmost column to ensure explicit vertical alignment without relying on faint background lines. This satisfies the Information Architect and Production Reviewer’s need for scanability while preserving the Editorial Director’s clean horizontal scan path.\n\n2. VISUAL CONTAINERS & RHYTHM: Retain distinct container boxes for each performance slot to maintain data grouping and cognitive clarity (rejecting the Art Director’s 'no-box' proposal). However, replace the generic 'SaaS' aesthetic with the Art Director’s 'Afterglow' concept: apply subtle, vertical stage-colored gradients (Orange/Teal/Blue) as background glows *behind* the columns, and use glowing borders on the cards matching their stage color. This integrates energy without sacrificing structure.\n\n3. HEADLINER INTEGRATION: Treat the Headliner as a 'Super-Row' spanning the full width of the 3 stage columns (excluding the time axis) at the bottom of the schedule. Do NOT overlay it on top of other content. Instead, push the footer down to accommodate its height. Use high-contrast typography and a distinct visual treatment (e.g., larger font, bold accent color) to make it the visual climax, satisfying the Art Director’s hierarchy needs while preserving the Editorial Director’s requirement that no stage content is obscured.\n\n4. CALL TO ACTION: Move the 'Get Tickets' button to the bottom-right footer area. Remove excessive glow effects to prevent distraction from the schedule data, ensuring it serves as a functional anchor rather than a decorative badge.",
  "protected_strengths": [
    "The distinct color coding for the three stages (Sunset/Orange, Neon/Teal, Moonlight/Blue) which provides intuitive vertical scanning anchors.",
    "The chronological alignment structure that allows for easy comparison of performance times across stages."
  ],
  "resolved_conflicts": [
    "Conflict: Art Director wanted to remove boxes for 'fluidity' vs. IA/Production needed boxes for 'clarity'. Resolution: Keep boxes for structure but style them with glowing borders and background column gradients to achieve the 'energetic' aesthetic without losing data grouping.",
    "Conflict: Art Director wanted a full-width Headliner banner vs. Editorial/IA warned it obscures content. Resolution: Headliner spans the stage columns as a distinct 'Super-Row' at the bottom, pushing content down rather than overlaying it, ensuring visibility of all stages while maintaining visual dominance.",
    "Conflict: IA wanted time labels inside grid vs. Editorial wanted external axis. Resolution: Use a dedicated 4th column for time labels, providing explicit alignment (IA win) while keeping the stage columns uncluttered for horizontal scanning (Editorial win)."
  ],
  "rationale": "This brief prioritizes functional clarity (IA/Production) as the foundation, as a schedule that cannot be scanned fails its primary purpose. It then layers the Art Director’s expressive requirements on top of that stable structure using background treatments and typography rather than structural chaos. The Editorial Director’s mandate for hierarchy is satisfied by the 'Super-Row' headliner treatment, which creates emphasis without hiding information. All four mandates are weighed equally by ensuring the solution is structurally sound, visually energetic, hierarchically clear, and technically precise."
}