```json
{
"axis": "composition_hierarchy",
"real_conflicts": [
"The proposal to 'shift the title to the upper-left or upper-right quadrant' fundamentally misunderstands the spatial logic of this specific image. The road is a strong, aggressive leading line that demands a central vanishing point. Placing the title off-center would create a 'fight' between the visual weight of the text and the directional pull of the road, resulting in a disjointed, amateurish layout rather than a cinematic one. The current centering is the only way to anchor the perspective.",
"The suggestion to 'increase the scale of the foreground houses' would destroy the necessary negative space required for the text to breathe. The current 'flat' look is actually a deliberate stylistic choice to create a 'memory' aesthetic. Over-cluttering the foreground with larger, more detailed houses would turn this into a generic real estate ad, losing the ethereal, dream-like quality required by the brief."
],
"accepted": [
"The critique that the title currently acts as a 'barrier' is valid. The text is too opaque and heavy, blocking the view of the 'ghost house' and the horizon. The text needs to become more transparent to allow the layers of the composition to interact.",
"The observation that the layout feels 'static' is correct. The symmetry is too perfect. We need to introduce visual 'noise' or texture to break the rigidity without moving the elements themselves."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current layout is too 'clean' and 'tidy.' The perfect symmetry creates a sense of artificiality that contradicts the theme of 'disappearing' and 'uncertainty.' The composition needs to feel less like a geometric diagram and more like a fading memory.",
"compromise": "Instead of moving the title (which would break the perspective), we will apply a vertical gradient mask to the text so it fades into the sky at the top and the road at the bottom. This allows the 'ghost house' and the vanishing point to remain visible *through* the title, integrating the text into the depth of the image rather than having it sit on top. We will also add a subtle film grain or texture overlay to the entire composition to break the 'flat' vector look and unify the hierarchy.",
"nonnegotiable": "The central vanishing point of the road must remain the structural anchor of the poster. The title must remain centered to maintain the balance of the composition, but its opacity and integration must change to allow the background to breathe."
}
```