{
  "revision": "Transform the poster into a unified, tactile neon installation by replacing the rigid, digital waveform with a chaotic, hand-drawn 'glitch' or 'scratch' effect that physically tears through the smooth blue background, symbolizing improvisational tension. Reconstruct the headline typography ('BLUE HOUR / RED NOISE') as thin, glowing neon tubes with slight random jitter to mimic sonic vibration, ensuring the text acts as a light source rather than a flat overlay. Break the rigid grid of the lower informational section by rotating the 'FEATURING' block (-5 degrees) and allowing it to overlap the horizontal divider, integrating the logistics into the chaotic energy. Refine the visual craft by sharpening the red waveform with a thin white core stroke to prevent muddy blurring, and apply a subtle industrial grain texture to the dark background to evoke the 'Foundry' venue, ensuring the entire composition reads as a cohesive, high-energy artifact rather than a disjointed tech interface.",
  "protected_strengths": [
    "The high-contrast neon color palette (cyan vs. red) which effectively establishes the 'Blue Hour' atmosphere.",
    "The bold, sans-serif typographic choice for the main title, which provides necessary legibility and impact.",
    "The aggressive visual energy of the red elements, which successfully communicates the 'Red Noise' concept."
  ],
  "resolved_conflicts": [
    "Conflict: The need for 'experimental chaos' vs. the requirement for 'readable performer names'. Resolution: Maintain the chaotic visual language (glitch, jitter, rotation) but ensure the informational text blocks are distinct enough to be read upon closer inspection, using the grain texture and contrast to separate them from the background without resorting to a sterile grid.",
    "Conflict: The 'digital/tech' feel of the original waveform vs. the 'live/human' energy of jazz. Resolution: Replace the mathematically perfect line graph with organic, hand-drawn scratch effects and physical neon tube simulations to ground the abstraction in physical reality.",
    "Conflict: The disjointed separation of visual art (top) and information (bottom). Resolution: Integrate the two zones by breaking the horizontal divider and allowing graphical elements (rotated text, overlapping lines) to bleed across the boundary, creating a single spatial composition."
  ],
  "rationale": "This brief prioritizes the integration of all four mandates by treating the poster as a physical object (neon/grain) rather than a digital layout. It resolves the conflict between 'experimental' and 'readable' by using spatial hierarchy and texture rather than rigid grids. It preserves the strong color identity while upgrading the craft from generic digital effects to tactile, high-fidelity simulations that reinforce the 'live' and 'industrial' themes of the festival."
}