```json
{
"axis": "typography_integration",
"real_conflicts": [
"The proposal to apply a 'heat distortion' or 'smoke' blur filter to the mountain silhouette where the zig-zag line intersects it is rejected. While this may enhance the visual metaphor of fire, applying distortion effects to the background directly behind the text block will destroy the legibility of the headline and secondary copy. Typography requires a stable, high-contrast background to function as a communication tool; introducing visual noise or warping in the reading area violates the mandate for clarity and readability."
],
"accepted": [
"The proposal to move the secondary text block ('Check conditions...') to the bottom left or right margin is accepted. This spatial separation is necessary to resolve the visual collision between the headline, the graphic element, and the instructional copy. It allows the headline to command the center stage without obstruction."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current 'neon' aesthetic of the zig-zag line is detrimental to the typography's authority. The glowing stroke on the headline currently mimics the graphic element, causing the text to look like a decorative part of the illustration rather than a distinct message. I agree that the text needs to be visually decoupled from the 'digital' style of the fire graphic.",
"compromise": "We will strip the glowing stroke from the headline entirely, rendering it in solid, high-contrast white to establish a stark, authoritative presence. Simultaneously, we will move the secondary text to the bottom margin as suggested by the composition critic. This creates a clean hierarchy: the solid text sits clearly in the foreground, while the 'heat distortion' effects can be applied to the mountain graphic in the background without interfering with the reading experience.",
"nonnegotiable": "The secondary text ('Check conditions. Extinguish completely. Protect the wild.') must be fully legible and distinct from the headline. It cannot be crushed by the headline's weight or obscured by graphic effects."
}
```