{
  "revision": "1. Establish Context: Replace the sterile dark blue background with a high-contrast, stylized vector silhouette of a mountain range or forest canopy to ground the composition in the required 'wilderness' setting. 2. Refine Central Metaphor: Transform the rigid, digital zigzag line into an organic, textured 'burn scar' or lightning strike with varying opacity and temperature (deep reds to bright whites) that actively cuts through the mountain silhouette, symbolizing destruction rather than just abstract energy. 3. Integrate Typography: Position the headline 'ONE SPARK IS ENOUGH' to interact with the burn line—either having the line pass behind the text with a subtle drop shadow or 'burning' through the letters—to create depth and visual connection, ensuring the text feels part of the scene rather than a floating overlay. 4. Balance Composition: Anchor the bottom-right negative space with the faint mountain silhouette or secondary visual weight to prevent 'diagonal severance,' ensuring the layout reads as a unified whole from a distance while keeping the headline legible and urgent.",
  "protected_strengths": [
    "High-contrast color palette (bright orange/yellow against deep navy/blue) for immediate visual impact.",
    "Bold, legible sans-serif typography for the headline ensuring readability from a distance.",
    "Strong diagonal visual path that guides the eye effectively."
  ],
  "resolved_conflicts": [
    "Conflict: Abstract/Digital aesthetic vs. Organic/Wilderness requirement. Resolution: Replace flat gradients and neon glows with textured silhouettes and organic brush-stroke fire effects to evoke natural danger while retaining high contrast.",
    "Conflict: Disjointed Layout (Text vs. Image) vs. Unified Composition. Resolution: Integrate text and imagery through depth cues (shadows/layering) and balance negative space to create a cohesive narrative rather than separate elements.",
    "Conflict: Generic Safety Warning vs. Specific Campaign Identity. Resolution: Use the specific visual metaphor of a 'burn scar' on a mountain to distinguish this from generic electrical or industrial safety posters."
  ],
  "rationale": "The revision prioritizes establishing the missing environmental context (mountain/forest) as the foundation, as all other elements depend on this setting for relevance. It then refines the central visual metaphor to be organic rather than digital, resolving the 'sterile' critique. Finally, it integrates typography and composition to ensure the poster functions as a unified, urgent campaign image rather than a disjointed graphic, preserving the strong contrast and legibility identified as strengths."
}