{
  "revision": "1. STRUCTURE: Implement a 'Hybrid Grid' system. Define three vertical columns using solid, low-opacity background bands corresponding to the stage colors (Sunset/Orange, Neon/Green, Moonlight/Blue) to anchor the layout and eliminate 'floating' ambiguity. Within these columns, organize performances into distinct horizontal 'Time Rows' (e.g., 12:00 PM, 2:00 PM) using subtle horizontal dividers or background tints to facilitate cross-stage scanning.\n\n2. HEADLINER RESOLUTION: For the 7:00 PM slot, break the grid structure intentionally. Create a full-width, visually dominant banner for the headliner 'Eclipse Architects' that spans all three columns. To satisfy the 'complete timetable' requirement without obscuring other acts, place the supporting acts for the Sunset and Moonlight stages in smaller, clearly labeled cards immediately above or integrated into the sides of the headliner banner, ensuring the 7:00 PM timeline remains visible for all stages while preserving the headliner's visual hierarchy.\n\n3. CARD DESIGN & EXPRESSIVENESS: Replace the current 'floating' aesthetic with contained artist cards within the grid cells. Apply subtle, genre-specific color accents (e.g., left-border or background tint) to each card to differentiate musical styles (Indie Rock vs. Synthwave) and add energetic rhythm. Ensure strict vertical rhythm within cards: consistent spacing between artist name, genre, and time. Use expressive typography for titles but maintain legibility for data.\n\n4. VISUAL SYSTEM: Ensure all 8-10 performances are visible. Use the stage column colors to reinforce the 'Afterglow' identity. Maintain a clear reading order: Stage Headers -> Time Rows -> Artist Cards. The headliner must be the largest/most contrasting element, but the grid structure for the remaining 3 rows must remain rigid and comparable.",
  "protected_strengths": [
    "The strong color-coding of the stage headers (Sunset/Orange, Neon/Green, Moonlight/Blue).",
    "The expressive gradient typography of the main title.",
    "The clear visual hierarchy that makes the headliner stand out immediately.",
    "The distinct visual separation of the three stages."
  ],
  "resolved_conflicts": [
    "Conflict: Full-width headliner banner vs. Complete 3-stage timetable visibility. Resolution: Use a full-width dominant banner for the headliner but explicitly include supporting acts for other stages in adjacent or integrated sub-cards within that same time slot, preserving both visual dominance and data completeness.",
    "Conflict: Rigid 'Time Row' spreadsheet look vs. Energetic Festival Identity. Resolution: Use 'Time Rows' for structural scanning but retain distinct 'Artist Cards' with genre-specific color accents to maintain personality and prevent a corporate aesthetic.",
    "Conflict: Floating cards vs. Structural Clarity. Resolution: Replace faint lines with solid, low-opacity vertical stage bands to anchor columns, while keeping cards distinct within those bands to avoid a 'wall of text' effect."
  ],
  "rationale": "This brief prioritizes a 'Hybrid Grid' that balances the need for systematic scanning (via vertical stage bands and horizontal time rows) with the need for expressive festival identity (via genre-colored cards and a dominant headliner). It resolves the critical conflict of the headliner obscuring data by integrating supporting acts into the headliner's visual block rather than shrinking the headliner or hiding the data. It rejects the 'spreadsheet' approach by keeping card metaphors and rejects the 'fragmented' approach by enforcing strict column alignment."
}