```json
{
"axis": "visual_system_craft",
"real_conflicts": [
"Proposing to move the 'Recommended Actions' panel to the bottom right corner (below the Sea Level Rise card) creates a severe vertical imbalance. The top right is already anchored by three heavy data cards; adding a fourth large text block there creates a 'top-heavy' visual weight that destabilizes the composition. This violates the mandate for a coherent system by creating a lopsided grid.",
"Proposing to move the 'High-Risk Districts' list to the bottom center or right disrupts the established visual rhythm. The current placement on the left aligns with the start of the temperature timeline (January). Moving it breaks the spatial relationship between the timeline and the specific locations affected, reducing the 'sense of place' and narrative cohesion."
],
"accepted": [
"The critique that the 'floating modal' styling (drop shadows, rounded corners) creates a cluttered, dashboard-like aesthetic is valid. The design must move away from UI-style stacking toward a flatter, more integrated editorial layout.",
"The observation that the 'Recommended Actions' panel currently obscures the 'Precipitation Intensity' chart is a critical failure of the visual system. The data visualization must be fully visible to ensure immediate comprehension."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current 'floating' treatment of the text panels is a stylistic error that mimics a software interface rather than a printed editorial page. The heavy drop shadows and overlapping z-indexes are indeed accidental and cluttered.",
"compromise": "Instead of moving the 'Recommended Actions' to the crowded top right or bottom right, we should expand the 'Executive Summary' panel on the left to full height, creating a dedicated 'Sidebar' column. The 'Recommended Actions' list should be integrated into this sidebar, below the summary text. This clears the 'Precipitation Intensity' chart completely, maintains the left-aligned hierarchy, and balances the visual weight against the charts on the right.",
"nonnegotiable": "The 'High-Risk Districts' list must remain anchored to the bottom left, aligned with the start of the temperature timeline. This spatial proximity is essential for the reader to associate the timeline data with the specific geographic locations mentioned."
}
```