{
  "revision": "Reconstruct the central visual metaphor as a high-fidelity, dual-state neon signal path that unifies the composition diagonally. 1. Visual Concept & Craft: Replace the generic smooth sine wave with a dynamic, syncopated blue vector path that flows from bottom-left to top-right. Introduce a secondary 'Red Noise' element: a jagged, high-frequency erratic path that intersects or runs parallel to the blue line, representing static and tension. Apply a multi-layered SVG Gaussian blur filter to both lines to create a realistic, atmospheric 'bloom' effect, ensuring the red line looks like intentional signal distortion rather than a rendering error. 2. Composition & Hierarchy: Abandon the static 'T' layout. Anchor the 'FEATURING' performer list to the start of the blue line (bottom-left) and position the headline 'BLUE HOUR / RED NOISE' at the top-right terminus. This creates a strong diagonal visual flow that guides the eye from the artists up to the title, integrating text and image into a single kinetic unit. 3. Typography & Integration: Treat the headline as expressive material by disrupting its baseline—staggering or tilting specific characters to mimic musical syncopation and improvisation. Keep the font a clean geometric sans-serif for legibility, but use this structural distortion to embody the 'experimental' voice without applying low-quality glitch effects or chromatic aberration that degrade production value. 4. Color & Atmosphere: Maintain the high-contrast cyan (Blue Hour) and red/magenta (Red Noise) palette against a deep black background. Ensure the lighting physics are consistent: the blue line should feel fluid and luminous, while the red line retains its jagged shape but shares the same soft, diffuse glow to unify the visual system.",
  "protected_strengths": [
    "The high-contrast neon aesthetic (cyan vs. red) effectively communicates the 'Blue Hour / Red Noise' duality.",
    "The core metaphor of a sound wave/signal path is the correct starting point for the subject matter.",
    "The legibility of the performer list is functional and must remain undisturbed by excessive effects."
  ],
  "resolved_conflicts": [
    "Conflict: Jagged vs. Smooth Lines. Resolution: Retain the jagged red line to represent 'noise' and 'tension,' but upgrade its rendering with high-quality bloom filters to avoid looking like a pixelation error, while keeping the blue line smooth to represent 'flow.'",
    "Conflict: Glitch Text vs. Clean Typography. Resolution: Reject digital glitch effects on text (which lower production quality); instead, use structural baseline disruption (staggering/tilting) to convey syncopation while maintaining sharp, high-contrast legibility.",
    "Conflict: Static Layout vs. Dynamic Energy. Resolution: Replace the disjointed left-aligned text block with a diagonal composition where the text anchors the ends of the visual signal path, creating a unified flow from performers to title."
  ],
  "rationale": "This brief prioritizes a unified spatial hierarchy that integrates text and image, resolving the disjointed layout. It balances the need for 'experimental' visual tension (via jagged red lines and staggered text) with 'production-level' craft (via high-fidelity glow filters and clean typography), avoiding both generic stock aesthetics and low-quality digital artifacts."
}