```json
{
"axis": "clarity_hierarchy",
"real_conflicts": [
"The proposal to 'restrict the headliner to a single column' (from the brief_intent verdict) creates a severe visual hierarchy conflict. By forcing the most important element (the headliner) into the same visual weight as minor acts, you destroy the 'prominent' status required by the brief. A schedule must guide the eye to the most important information first; burying the headliner in a grid row violates this fundamental principle of information architecture.",
"The proposal to 'replace individual floating cards with a unified Time Row system' (from the visual_system_craft verdict) risks creating a 'wall of text' effect. While horizontal scanning is important, removing the distinct containers for each artist reduces the 'card' metaphor that helps the eye isolate specific data points. If the background bands are too dominant, the individual artist names will lose their legibility and distinctiveness."
],
"accepted": [
"The proposal to 'apply subtle, genre-specific color accents' (from the expressiveness verdict) is fully accepted. This adds visual rhythm and helps the user quickly scan for their preferred musical style without disrupting the structural grid.",
"The proposal to 'replace faint vertical lines with distinct, solid background color bands' (from my own verdict) is accepted as the primary structural fix. This anchors the columns and solves the 'floating' issue."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current 'floating card' design is too weak and that the faint grid lines are insufficient. I agree that the schedule needs stronger horizontal grouping to facilitate comparison across stages.",
"compromise": "We will implement a 'Hybrid Grid' system. We will use the 'Time Row' concept from the visual_system_craft verdict by adding a very subtle, low-opacity background band for each hour (12:00, 2:00, etc.) to group the events horizontally. However, we will keep the individual artist cards distinct within those rows to maintain legibility. For the headliner, we will keep the full-width banner but add a 'See Also' or 'Supporting Acts' row immediately above it to ensure the 7:00 PM slot on other stages is not visually omitted, satisfying the 'complete timetable' requirement without shrinking the headliner.",
"nonnegotiable": "The headliner must remain the most visually dominant element on the page. It cannot be reduced to the same visual weight as the opening acts; it must break the grid to signal its importance."
}
```