```json
{
"axis": "composition_hierarchy",
"real_conflicts": [
"Shifting the text block entirely to the left or right (as suggested by the Typography critic) would sever the vital spatial relationship between the figure and the title. The figure is currently 'passing through' the text, creating a 3D depth effect; moving the text to the side would flatten the image into a standard 'image + caption' layout, destroying the sense of the body occupying the same space as the title.",
"Rendering the headline as a single, unified visual element with uniform opacity (as suggested by the Typography critic) would create a static, heavy block that anchors the composition too firmly. The title 'THE WEIGHT OF AIR' requires a visual hierarchy that mimics the subject matter—'Weight' should feel heavy and grounded, while 'Air' should feel light and ethereal. Unifying them removes this conceptual tension."
],
"accepted": [
"Increasing the brightness of the bottom text to a crisp white or light silver to ensure legibility. The current low contrast at the bottom is a functional failure that disrupts the visual path.",
"Using a heavier font weight for the main title to give the text the physical 'weight' the title promises, ensuring it can stand up to the visual intensity of the glowing figure."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current centering of the text is too symmetrical and 'tidy.' The layout needs to break the perfect vertical axis to create the 'tension' and 'off-balance' energy required by the brief. The text cannot simply sit behind the figure; it must interact with the figure's trajectory.",
"compromise": "Instead of moving the text to the side, we will break the symmetry by staggering the text lines. 'THE WEIGHT' should be shifted slightly left and rendered in a heavy, solid opacity (grounding it), while 'OF AIR' is shifted slightly right and rendered in a lighter, perhaps thinner weight (lifting it). This creates a diagonal tension that mirrors the figure's motion, allowing the figure to overlap the text dynamically without the layout feeling like a static stack.",
"nonnegotiable": "The central glowing figure must remain the dominant vertical axis. It is the only element that successfully conveys the 'restrained energy' and 'motion' required by the brief; any layout change must serve to highlight, not obscure, this figure."
}
```