{
"axis": "typography_integration",
"real_conflicts": [
  "The visual_concept proposal to 'distort the waveform to be more erratic' risks creating visual noise that undermines the legibility of the headline. If the background graphic becomes too chaotic, the type will lose its structural authority, turning the poster into a messy abstract rather than a readable identity.",
  "The composition proposal to 'increase the scale and opacity of the waveform graphic so it physically overlaps' the text is dangerous. If the waveform is too opaque or large, it will visually 'eat' the letters of 'RED NOISE', destroying the hierarchy and making the primary message unreadable."
],
"accepted": [
  "The color_atmosphere proposal to add a 'subtle, low-opacity noise or grain texture' is excellent. This directly supports the 'Red Noise' concept and adds a tactile, 'live' quality to the typography that a flat vector background lacks.",
  "The visual_concept proposal to integrate the red diagonal line as a 'glitch' or 'interruption' is compatible with my mandate. If this line is used to slice through the typography, it creates the necessary tension and syncopation."
],
"concession": "I concede that the current headline is too 'safe' and static. I am willing to accept that the letters of 'RED NOISE' should be physically broken or sliced by the red diagonal line, provided the core letterforms remain instantly recognizable.",
"compromise": "We will use the red diagonal line as a 'cut' that slices through the 'RED NOISE' text. Where the line intersects the letters, the type will be offset or 'glitched' (shifted slightly horizontally), creating a visual syncopation. This satisfies the visual concept's need for an 'interruption' and my need for the type to embody 'tension' without sacrificing legibility.",
"nonnegotiable": "The performer names (Nia Cole Quartet, Static Bloom, Armand Vale) must remain in a clean, legible state. They cannot be distorted, sliced, or obscured by the 'glitch' effects or the waveform, as they are the functional anchor of the poster."
}