PRIORITIZED CHANGES:
1. Restructure Layout & Hierarchy: Adopt a split-screen composition. Left column (40% width) houses all textual information; Right column (60% width) houses the immersive artwork. 2. Optimize Reading Order: Stack text vertically in the left column: Artist Name (Header) -> Exhibition Title (Hero) -> Dates/Location -> Curatorial Statement -> 'Reserve Tickets' Button. This ensures the CTA is immediately adjacent to logistical details, satisfying the 'prominent' and 'intentional reading order' mandates without cluttering the visual space. 3. Refine Typography: Unify the title 'ECHOES OF THE UNSEEN' into a single, consistent typographic style (e.g., all small caps or uppercase) to eliminate disjointed rhythm. Elevate 'ELARA VANCE' with increased size, weight, and a distinct accent color (yellow) to establish a clear 'Author > Title' hierarchy. 4. Enhance Legibility: Increase contrast and opacity for 'OPEN DAILY' and location text to ensure immediate readability against the dark background. 5. Elevate Visual Atmosphere: Replace the static geometric diagram with an organic, abstract SVG composition using blurred gradients and overlapping shapes to evoke 'fragmented perception' and 'memory.' Add a subtle radial gradient to the background to create depth and spatial tension, moving away from a flat 'dark mode' template.
PROTECT:
["The atmospheric dark mode aesthetic and high-contrast typography.", "The strong visual anchor of the main title.", "The grid-based structural logic of the information layout."]
RESOLVED CONFLICTS:
["Conflict: Immersive negative space vs. Prominent CTA visibility. Resolution: Group the CTA with the essential info in the left column, preserving the right side for pure artistic expression while ensuring the action is discoverable within the primary reading flow.", "Conflict: Experimental typography vs. Polished clarity. Resolution: Unify the title styling to remove visual noise, while using size and color contrast for the artist name to create hierarchy without sacrificing the artistic tone.", "Conflict: Abstract expression vs. Literal information. Resolution: Use organic, blurred SVG forms for the artwork to convey 'fragmented perception' emotionally, rather than using literal 'corrupted data' graphics, keeping the text area clean and legible."]